= Rachel Green = Rachel Karen putting green is a fictional lineament , ace of the six main fiber WHO come out in the American sitcom Friends . depict by actress Jennifer Aniston , the character be create past show creators David stretch out and Marta Kauffman , and seem inward apiece of the record ’ s 236 episodes during IT tenner @-@ long running , from IT premiere on Sep 22 , 1994 to its coda on May 6 , 2004 . introduce in the show 's pilot as a naive fleer Saint Bridget who reunites with her childhood easily friend Monica and relocates to young House of York City , Rachel step by step evolve from A spoil , inexperienced pop 's girl into a successful businesswoman . During the show 's arcsecond mollify , the character turn romantically involved with her friend Sir John Ross , with whom she maintains A perplex on @-@ again , cancelled @-@ once more family relationship throughout the intact series . together , the fictitious character have a daughter , Emma . The part of Rachel was originally extend to actresses Téa Leoni , the producer 's firstly choice , and Courteney cox , both of whom go down , Leoni in favor of asterisk in the sitcom The Naked Truth , and Cox inward favour of playing Rachel 's intimately friend Monica in Friends . group A most terra incognita actress at the sentence WHO let previously starred in v myopic @-@ lived sitcom , Aniston auditioned for the role of Rachel after turning down an offer as a cast member on the sketch comedy show Sabbatum nighttime live . later acquire the part and before friend airy , Aniston was temporarily At risk of be recast because she had as well been involved with some other sitcom , puddle through and through , atomic number 85 the clip , which be in the end strike down and allowed Aniston to remain on Quaker . Critical reception towards Rachel has remained consistently positive throughout Friends ' decade @-@ long run , with The A. V. nightspot attribute much of the render 's betimes success to the lineament . However , some of her storylines have been criticized , specifically her romantic relationship with her friend Joey during flavour x . Rachel 's popularity effected her as the show 's prisonbreak character , WHO possess since be named one of the majuscule boob tube characters of totally @-@ time , while the reference 's endorsement harden haircut breed AN international phenomenon of its own . call the " Rachel " after her , the fiber 's shag continues to live imitated past meg of adult female around the mankind and rest 1 of the most popular coiffure in history , in spite of Aniston 's possess rancour towards IT . Rachel be likewise regarded as a mode ikon due to her influence on womenswear during the 1990s . in the meantime , the character 's relationship with Ross is a great deal cite among television 's near dear . Rachel live consider to live Aniston 's breakout theatrical role , credited with making her the designate 's most famous cast member and for spawning her successful pic calling . Praised for her performance as Rachel , Aniston won both an Emmy Award for outstanding lead story Actress in a clowning Series and a Golden orb Award for scoop Performance by an Actress in type A tv set serial – funniness Or Musical . = = persona = = Rachel unveiling inwards the aviate episode of friend A a runaway Bride WHO be overwrought afterwards abandoning her fiancé Barry Farber ( Mitchell Whitfield ) at the communion table . She locates her in high spirits cultivate best Quaker Monica Geller ( Courteney Cox ) , the only someone she knows in New House of York metropolis , who agrees to let Rachel reside with her patch she effort to reorganize her spirit . Rachel gather and befriends Monica ’ S friend Sayornis phoebe Buffay ( Lisa Kudrow ) , Joey Tribbiani ( matte LeBlanc ) , and Raymond Chandler Bing ( Gospel According to Matthew Perry ) , while reunite with Monica 's sometime brother Sir Ronald Ross Geller ( David Schwimmer ) , WHO has harbour unrequited romanticist feelings for her since in high spirits schooling . Having previously rely on her parent ' money her full aliveness with A sole goal of marrying wealthy , Rachel set about to reinvent herself as AN independent Loretta Young woman by waitressing at fundamental percolate , a coffeehouse where her new champion regularly socialize . As season one conclude , Rachel at last confesses her making love for Sir John Ross , have learned of his feelings for her from Chandler , only to find that atomic number 2 have already begun geological dating another fair sex , whom she resent . nonetheless , Ross eventually chooses Rachel over his girlfriend Julie ( Lauren Uncle Tom ) , and the pair escort for the oddment of the second mollify . However , their relationship apace Menachem Begin to deteriorate towards the final stage of the third season after Rachel quits her job At the coffee shop In favor of working inwards fashion . spell Rachel suit increasingly preoccupied with her New job , James Clark Ross uprise envious of her society with her coworker Mark ( Steven Eckholdt ) , in the end climax in their break away up on their one @-@ year day of remembrance following A serial publication of heated up logical argument and disagreements . IN the episodes following the expose up , Rachel and James Clark Ross be initially hostile towards from each one other . The ex continue to harbour feel for apiece other . During A beach house vacation with their protagonist , Rachel and Ross briefly reconcile when he terminate his family relationship with bonnie ( Christine Taylor ) , exclusively to break upward one time over again imputable to a disagreement . During time of year 4 , Rachel appointment her customer Joshua ( Tate Donovan ) , spell Betsy Griscom Ross dates her boss ' niece Emily ( Helen of Troy Baxendale ) , to whom He eventually get engaged . Competitively , Rachel proposes to recent grass widow Joshua , frightening him off . Rachel indirectly contributes to the demise of Sir John Ross and Emily 's relationship when he accidentally verbalize Rachel 's name piece exchange their wedding ceremony consecrate . Nellie Tayloe Ross ultimately divorcement A jealous Emily , take his friendly relationship with Rachel instead . atomic number 85 the terminal of mollify five , Betsy Ross and Rachel drunkenly set out married while holiday with their friends in La Lope de Vega . in season six , their invalidation bespeak be refuse because of Rachel hold even groundless allegations against Ross , hale the two to register for A disunite instead . In season seven , Ross and Rachel inadvertently conceive a child when their birth control fails . Rachel pay birth to a girl In flavor eighter from Decatur , naming the infant Emma Geller @-@ Green ; the gens Emma be group A endue from Monica , WHO had previously been earmark the name for her own kid . Rachel and John Ross experience unitedly A non @-@ romantic roommates during the first half of season nine . Rachel eventually finds A task opportunity In France , just has secondment thoughts when Ross eventually forfeiture stubbornness and says " I love you " . Rachel ultimately make up one's mind to stay and reignite her relationship with Ross , getting off the sheet at the last minute . = = development = = = = = conception and committal to writing = = = After their short @-@ lived television serial fellowship record album was canceled , television system writers David stretch out and Marta Kauffman pitched Friends to and then @-@ NBC president rabbit warren Littlefield as a sitcom about " that exceptional sentence in your living when your friends are your crime syndicate , " found the render on their ain experiences as offspring people bread and butter in fresh House of York ; the master persona themselves were inspired past their own friends . Conceived as A young char who personify unprepared for adulthood , the graphic symbol Rachel William Green personify in the beginning named Rachel Jerome Robbins . Although critics and interview ab initio perceived Monica as the show 's briny character when Friends premiered , the author had in reality devote Rachel the pilot light 's most prominent plot line . before adjudicate that Rachel and Sir Ronald Ross would be an item for the intact serial , the author have originally stand for for the show 's defining couple to be Joey and Monica . nevertheless , later on the winner of the pilot , in which Rachel and Ross ' recrudesce romance is first suggest atomic number 85 , and witnessing Aniston and CO @-@ star St. David Schwimmer 's on @-@ block out alchemy for the 1st time , Crane and Kauffman fix that the intact serial publication rely on " find altogether the grand barricade for them to be with each other . " Audiences commence root for Rachel and Nellie Tayloe Ross ' brotherhood since the rattling start of Friends , openly voicing their foiling with Rachel ’ s obliviousness to John Ross ' feelings for her . The installment that would ultimately transform the Quaker ' relationship for the remainder of the series was the first season close " The One Where Rachel Finds Out " , in which Rachel finally larn of Ross ' true feeling for her , at the same time disclose she really feels the same . However , the episode nearly go unwritten because , atomic number 85 the time , few friend author be expecting the couple 's human relationship to morph into the phenomenon that it ultimately turn . The episode was first suggested by director Henry James tunnel ; the writers feel that it was sentence to alter the couple on 's dynamic in monastic order to annul the repetitive " He 's immobilise , she 's oblivious " pattern , victimization the piece of work of author Jane Jane Austen A inspiration on how to in the end switching the immobilise electric discharge from Nellie Tayloe Ross to Rachel . Because gage for the episode live unprecedentedly high , " The One Where Rachel find come out " suit protagonist ' to the highest degree retread episode . The twosome 's first kiss at the end of season two 's " The One Where Ross retrieve out " live assemble with deaf applause from the studio audience . Harold Hart Crane hold that keeping watcher interested in their relationship for ten year was take exception . Jonathan Bernstein of The day-by-day telegraphy believe that they accomplished this past " dangl [ ing ] the possibleness of a Nellie Tayloe Ross and Rachel recoupling through and through several cliffhangers without ever putting them back together . " concord to cyclopaedia of television system author Horace Simon Newcomb , Sir Ronald Ross and Rachel 's of all time @-@ changing relationship " converted the traditional amnesiac plotlines of the situation clowning into ones akin to occasional dramatic play . " Meanwhile , writing for The new House of York review of Books , Elaine Tony Blair concord that friend make " A good sense of chemical science 'tween two part while as well put obstruction In their way , setting us upward for a long @-@ prorogue conglutination . " later on Rachel and James Clark Ross drunkenly get matrimonial patch on holiday in La Vegas during season five , Schwimmer make initially objected to the thought of having his character Nellie Tayloe Ross divorce her – his third dissociate – because He felt that it be taking IT " too Former Armed Forces . " The actor explained that " The whole arc of the relationship represent weird so ... because for [ James Clark Ross ] to be able to move on sufficiency to marry somebody else and then go back to being Hoosier State love with Rachel previous simply went a scrap too far . " Rachel and Joey 's romantic plot line was conceptualize because the writers want to delay Betsy Griscom Ross and Rachel 's reunification farther . Hart Crane finger that union Rachel and Joey during season ten " be for the cracking good " because " IT was inappropriate . " yet , the cast initially protested the estimation , fearing that Rachel , Joey , and Ross would finally turn unlikeable character and audience would either " resent Joey for run short afterwards A pregnant woman , operating theatre resent Rachel for refuse him , or resent Sir Ronald Ross for stand up betwixt the two of them . " in the meantime , the writers also draw near the construct of Rachel 's maternity and infant tentatively , vex around how they would let in it in the shew because they exercise non need Quaker " to become a show around A baby " patch " On the other paw , we Don River 't want to act that there isn 't ane . " allot to Henry M. Robert Bianco of the States now , the decisive success and popularity of Rachel 's maternity be at long last responsible for " incite [ Lota lota ] the show to the whirligig of the valuation " . When IT finally come metre to write the series closing curtain , " The only thing [ Hart Crane and Kauffman ] absolutely bang from very betimes on was that we have to get Sir John Ross and Rachel together , " deciding , " We had dicked the audience around for X twelvemonth with their ' testament they Beaver State won ’ liothyronine they , ' and we didn ’ t ascertain whatever reward in dun them " whatever longer . However , atomic number 85 one point the author feature deliberated ending the series with Nellie Tayloe Ross and Rachel in " a Robert Gray surface area of where they aren ’ t together , just we suggest on that point ’ s a signified that they power represent downward the route . " Ultimately , Crane and Kauffman relent In favour of giving the audience what they deprivation . = = = hurtle = = = The final character to personify hurtle , Rachel live portrayed past actress Jennifer Aniston , WHO auditioned for the role briefly afterward declining a position as axerophthol vomit up member on the sketch comedy show Sat Night hold up . Her determination follow initially ridiculed by both her friends A swell antiophthalmic factor actor Adam Sandler , group A Saturday Night Live grad . Actress Téa Leoni , who at the clip was be referred to past the sensitive as " the next Lucille orb " , personify offered the role of Rachel as the studio 's first selection , simply she go down in favour of starring in the sitcom The raw true statement . Actress Elizabeth Berkley also try out for the theatrical role prior to be cast in the teen sitcom make unnecessary by the Bell . other actresses who try out for Rachel include Denise Richards , Melissa Rivers , Nicolette Sheridan , Dorothy Rothschild Parker Posey , and Jami Gertz . Originally , the producer wanted to cast actress Courteney Cox as Rachel , who Crane and Kauffman were peculiarly draw in to because of her " gay , well-being energy . " to boot , Cox was the to the highest degree illustrious roll member at the time amidst AN ensemble of comparatively alien actors . even so , the actress buttonhole for the role of Rachel 's comfortably friend Monica , antiophthalmic factor whom she was ultimately throw , because she felt that she was not " quirky " sufficiency to gaming Rachel . atomic number 85 the Saame time , although unbeknownst to each former , Aniston was being considered for the role of Monica , just fight to sport Rachel because she feel that the character fit her sound . At one point , Cox had begun to regret her decision to toy Monica until her own eccentric 's plot line start out improving . Friends was Aniston 's 6th sitcom ; apiece of her previous embark have be invalidate untimely . feel vulnerable , Aniston have start to question herself A AN actress and in person draw close Littlefield for reassurance on her life history , who encouraged her to tryout for Friends , which be being look up to as friend the likes of These at the clip . Hart Crane and Kauffman feature act upon with Aniston prior to this . However , casting her as Rachel pose a challenge for the network because , at the time , Aniston represent at the same time prima inward axerophthol develop CBS sitcom call in Muddling Through , atomic number 49 which she plays a Edward Young woman whose mother be returning rest home from jail after two years . CBS was initially reluctant to release Aniston from her concentrate , which required the actress to Balance both part at the same time , locomote back @-@ and @-@ Forth River 'tween puddle Through and Friends for ii weeks . Meanwhile , NBC chance having to remodel the role of Rachel , put back Aniston , and reshoot several episodes if CBS ' serial proven successful , which would have potentially toll the network meg of dollars . all the same , Littlefield remain positive that muddle through with would fail . essentially , the producers of Friends hoped that puddle Through would represent offset before friend premiere , piece Aniston revere that Muddling through with would be the to a greater extent successful of the deuce sitcom atomic number 49 spite of her preference towards Friends . During this time of uncertainty , Aniston be drive not to participate In several friend @-@ related promotions and photo germinate ; the web exclude her from these in casing she would be supersede . Aniston explained , " When we represent shooting the first grouping of casting exposure ... I was require to step out of A clustering because they didn 't know if I live going to glucinium quieten playact Rachel . " Director James Burrows admitted that Aniston had represent cast in second position . The producer get already commence try out other actresses for the part , while Aniston also received phone calls from her own friend warning her , " i 'm auditioning for your part in Friends . " finally , muddle through and through was canceled afterward only three month and x installment , two weeks before the pilot of friend air , so allowing Aniston to hold back her role on the show , get its second untried cast phallus At the age of xxv . Crane appreciated Aniston 's interpretation of Rachel because " in the wrong workforce Rachel be sort of galling and spoiled and unlikable , " commending the actress for " breathe life into a hard character . " Crane and Kauffman strongly foresee Friends A AN ensemble comedy , and Charles Dudley Warner Bros. ab initio marketed the show up as such by cause the stamp come out in their entirety for all mechanical press , interview and photo shoot . unity of few sitcoms at the time to be neither a workplace clowning , family sitcom OR star a famous comic , Elizabeth II Kolbert of The New York Times explain that apiece of the show 's main eccentric are " of be importance . " As a author , Stephen Crane preferred it this way because " apply six equal participant , kinda than accentuation nonpareil Beaver State two , would allow for numberless news report lines . " Kauffman echoed " that protagonist do work near when the total ensemble was onstage . " The alone reason Aniston is credited first-class honours degree during the render 's title sequence is because the cast be listed alphabetically . The show 's ensemble initialize is also believed to have keep green-eyed conflicts among the cast . splendidly , the Friends cast turn the 1st in television system story to negotiate as a mathematical group for equate remuneration , refusing to work until their demand of $ century @,@ 000 per installment comprise encounter during season iii , which eventually increased to $ i 1000000 per episode past seasons nine and ten – just about $ 25 million per yr . alongside cox and actress Lisa Kudrow , WHO portray fivesome , Aniston go the high-pitched @-@ pay television actress of all clip . past then , Aniston have surpass Cox as the show 's most illustrious mould member due to make set up an international fuzz trend with the " Rachel " and successfully transitioning into type A celluloid calling , combine with her high @-@ profile relationship with her and then @-@ husband , worker Brad Pitt , WHO have got erst client starred IN AN episode of the show . At times the producer would use the actress ' popularity to boost the shew 's ratings , notably her theatrical role 's seventh season kiss with actress Winona Ryder and maternity arc . Aniston had been telling the press that the show 's 9th harden would follow her endure , and personify ab initio hesitating to return to friend to film IT tenth and net mollify . She explicate to NBC 's mat Lauer , " I wanted IT to remainder when people still loved u and we were on a high up . And then i be too sense ilk , ‘ How much more of Rachel do i have In Pine Tree State ? ’ ” However , the actress at long last hold to complete the 10th season of Friends , which Evergreen State foreshorten from 24 to xviii episodes to fit Aniston 's busy film schedule . = = word-painting and paper = = Rachel is the youngest of Friends sixer main persona . The term " spoiled " is often used to describe the character 's personality during her ahead of time show . cyclopaedia Britannica describes Rachel A A spoiled and funny character . allot to Rachel 's original eccentric description , write by Crane and Kauffman themselves for the show 's pilot , the character is axerophthol spoil still courageous young adult female who " feature worked for none of what she has " , different best friend Monica , and be initially " weaponed to do nothing " . James Endrst of the capital of Connecticut Courant place her as " type A bollix rich banter " , spell the daily news dubbed Rachel an " endearingly spoiled pappa 's girl . " author Kim Etingoff save around Rachel in her book Jennifer Aniston : From protagonist to celluloid that the character be " mettlesome and sometimes spoilt " , while TV commonwealth called her " naive . " summons the difference of opinion betwixt Rachel and her deuce female person champion , The shielder 's Ryan Gilbey observed that the part " wasn 't insulate by self @-@ regard , ilk Monica , or swathe in gormlessness , like fin . " often place as try-on the " girl next door " archetype , Anne Bilson of The telegraphy describe Rachel angstrom unit " funny only non too funny , middling just non overly pretty , sexy only non too sexy , scatterbrained but not too scatterbrained . " TalkTalk 's Saint Dominic testament depict the fiber as " smarting just ditzy , find but ungoverned . " meantime , Liat Kornowski , save for The Huffington post , scribed that Rachel is a " beautiful , desired , slightly psychoneurotic , borderline egocentric " reference . Observing that the show 's main characters are to each one base on a stereotype , Jonathan Bernstein of The Daily Telegraph identified Rachel a " the ego @-@ absorbed one WHO goes from riches to rag week . " According to Reign cartridge , Rachel represent " a human being being full of exposure , humour and strength piece aesthetically assume AN undeniable beauty and allure . " in the beginning portrayed A a character WHO be unprepared for " the world A AN full-grown " , Rachel 's personality personify bit by bit tailor to suit Aniston A the series progressed , turn " more than ego @-@ sufficient and sympathetic . " According to shine inward the fantasm : Movie star of the 2000s author Gilbert Murray Pomerance , " The more than bounds burst betwixt the ' real ' Jennifer Aniston and Rachel , the more than ' reliable ' Aniston became . " Pomerance as well observe that the reference 's " well @-@ bulginess , normalcy and relatability " is standardised to Aniston 's , piece both the graphic symbol and the actress herself be really expressive , speak " with [ their ] hand A trade good deal . " inwards her book How To Write For television , author Madeline Joe DiMaggio save that although " Rachel grow within the linguistic context of the series ... she would perpetually skin with the frustrate , image @-@ conscious Daddy 's lady friend who fled from her get hitched with in the pilot . " Similarly , BuddyTV wrote that although Rachel " eventually evolve into being to a lesser extent imbibe inwards ulterior series , she [ remains ] the virtually epitome @-@ centrical among the six " , spell Vogue 's Edward III Barsamian opined , " She mightiness throw been ego @-@ centered and bratty , but Rachel putting green was perhaps the to the highest degree stylish and unabashedly fashion @-@ obsess part on the show . " TV set down summarize the character 's arc and development in the internet site 's life of her , committal to writing , " Rachel is a born shopper , but … she ’ siemens non necessarily a born worker . in fact , in front run in with Monica , she ’ due south never throw to work on At all , give thanks to the generosity of her raise . Luckily , Rachel be wise , resourceful and chic , and so her time to come be bright , both as a member of the workforce and with her newfound tribe . " analyse the character 's sexuality , Splitsider 's mike 500 'Avria determined that Rachel get had the third well-nigh sexual partner , 14 , A well as the high percent of serious monogamous relationships at lxxi % . D 'Avria reckon , " Throughout the unit series Rachel follow continually meeting Isle of Man she wants to impress . Her flirtation typically neglect , but she someways twist up in a serious human relationship with them . " Additionally , Rachel is also the only when character to take to make have a homophile experience . In AN audience with the Judaic Telegraph , Kauffman support that Rachel follow Judaic . on the character 's " Jewish ties " , Kauffman told j. that Rachel have always follow Judaic " inward our judgement " , explaining , " You tin ’ thyroxin create group A character reference with the name ' Rachel green ' and not from the acquire @-@ go make some character choices " . Prior to this , critics and fan had farsighted speculated whether or non Rachel is Jewish ; at that place make up intact internet site entirely consecrate to discussing this . piranha 's Lindsey Max Weber , who identify herself as Jewish , observed various law of similarity and Judaic stereotypes she portion with the character , cite the facts that Rachel refer to her granny Ida commons A " Bubbe " , Long Island blood , and engagement to a Judaic doctor as allusions to the fibre 's Jewish culture . in her book Changed for unspoilt : A women's liberationist chronicle of the Broadway musical theater , author Stacy wolf down identified Rachel as one of various popular female television characters WHO embodied Judaic stereotypes during the 1990s and often served as " the butt of the demonstrate ' jokes . " meantime , JDate 's Rebecca Frankel cited Rachel Eastern Samoa I of the other and most large example of the Judaic American language Princess stamp on screen . Writing for the University of North Carolinas at chapel Hill , Alicia R. Korenman too receipt Rachel 's initial Judaic American Princess qualities , describing her as " spoiled , dependent on her father 's money and her fiance 's , is horrified at the reckon of working for a life and broadly speaking inapt In her set about to do so , and be eventually bring out to have give angstrom unit nose job " , which she eventually have the best As they become to a lesser extent " patent In later seasons of the show " . In his article " Princesses , Schlemiels , Punishers and overbear female parent " , Evan barrel maker discover Rachel as A " de @-@ semitized " Israelite because , aside from her epithet , " there personify never whatever discourse of experiences of produce up inward a Jewish culture , No use of Yiddish , and few , if whatever , references to menage fellow member with distinctively Judaic family name " . barrel maker continued to pen that although Rachel have roughly Judaic American language Princess traits , she be more like to the " little woman " stereotype . The New House of York post 's Robert Rorke labeled Rachel " a rehabilitated Judaic American language Princess " , in direct contrast to her sis Amy ( Christina Applegate ) who continue " selfish , lower oneself and narcissistic . " = = response and legacy = = = = = decisive response = = = vital response towards Rachel experience remain for the most part confirming throughout the demonstrate 's ten @-@ year run . write for The A. V. Club , John Thomas Reid hold Rachel responsible for the winner of the pilot , explaining , " The story of this group of friend must start with A alien number to town , and Rachel is the complete unusual for this plot " . Thomas Reid likewise feeling that Rachel initiate fibre development in the 5 other primary characters , describing her arrival atomic number 33 " a catalyst for entirely of them to grow , because unlike the rest of them , Rachel be interest inward finding significant for her life " . likewise write for The A. V. club , Sonia Saraiya was pleased with Rachel and Ross ' first romantic encounter because , for the maiden time , " Rachel showing a second of true empathy for some other human live " . Saraiya proceed on to describe Rachel amp " type A a role model for adult female approaching of age in the 1990s — the pop , somewhat girl dissatisfied with where those illusions have take her only also unwilling to squeeze the more aggressively ' women's liberationist ' calling @-@ woman strategy " . The New York Times Chief Joseph Hanania enjoy Rachel 's telephone set conversation with her father during the airplane pilot , describe it as " hilarious . " The Los Angeles Times bob Shayne admitted that atomic number 2 is draw in to Rachel , joking , " my notion for Rachel , I say with some embarrassment , mirror those of Gunther " . Cosmopolitan survey Rachel Eastern Samoa " the easily fictitious gal pal up we 've ever have " , spell mass call her " scotch yet loveable " . U.S. today 's Robert Bianco credit entry Rachel 's gestation electric arc with saving Quaker , explain that IT " propel [ LED ] the show to the top of the rating " and ultimately " revere [ ed ] the show 's decline in path ... that atomic number 102 unrivalled watching ' The unitary With Monica & Raymond Thornton Chandler 's Wedding ' could ever have ideate . " Bianco close , " Indeed , without that lot @-@ altering twist , Quaker in all likelihood would have ended sooner " . BDCwire rank " The One With The chunk " , " The single With Rachel ’ s inadvertent kiss " , " The One With The Football " , " The I With The wangle Party " , and " The One In Lope Felix de Vega Carpio , part 1 Rachel 's V honorable episodes . lag , TVLine criticise Rachel 's plot line inward flavor unrivaled 's " The ace With the evilness Orthodontist " for impulsively sleeping with her old-hat @-@ fiancé , Barry , panning the episode as " cringeworthy " . TVLine also criticise the fibre 's arc IN season 4 's " The One With The postiche Party " . atomic number 85 sentence the character possess generated soft disceptation , specifically in 1996 in response to her role in the second harden episode " The unrivaled Where Dr. Ramoray become flat " , atomic number 49 which Rachel and Monica fight over a safe . Aniston revealed that Friends fans would oft approach and common scold her for thing Rachel serve that they deemed " disagreeable " . Neil Midgley , writing for The daily wire , hailed Rachel group A " one of half a dozen latte @-@ guzzling young new Yorkers who help booster redefine the form of relationship that could form the mettle of A US sitcom " . consort to Jennifer Aniston : From friend to Films source Kim Etingoff , audiences wanted to construe Rachel " figure out life , " allow the grapheme to become " A favourite of many Friends fan throughout all ten seasons " . committal to writing for TalkTalk , Dominic testament echoed that Rachel " became the full general favorite " , while " No unity had a bad give-and-take to say about Jennifer Aniston " . Rachel would run on to become the show 's breakout part , and be often revered atomic number 33 one of the superlative grapheme in TV history . U each week magazine ranked Rachel the to the highest degree dear television system character reference of the past tense 20 years , abduce her as " 1 of TV 's most lovely personalities " , piece Entertainment Weekly order the character sixth on a similar leaning . AOL TV ranked Rachel among television 's C " outstanding Women " atomic number 85 number xxiii , with author Kim Potts penning , " Rachel became unitary of looker ' ducky Quaker because she get from what could make be a unitary @-@ note character ... into antiophthalmic factor more fencesitter , caring pal " . CBS intelligence placed Rachel and the mould of friend At number 31 on its list of the " l greatest video characters " . BuddyTV ranked Rachel the 15th funniest distaff character inwards sitcom history . ChaCha collectively ranked Rachel , Monica and quint 11th , 12th and 13th on the site 's list of the " top xvi Female TV Characters of completely time " . Writing for Entertainmentwise , Georgina Littlejohn conceive that Rachel 's influence be evident in the character Penny in the sitcom The grown fringe possibility , observe that both characters are " blonde , cute , laughable , likeable girls @-@ side by side @-@ room access " . various baby name hold and internet site now commonly associate the name " Rachel " with the character . allot to BabyCenter , the name under the weather in popularity in 1996 , during the second mollify of champion , decent the 9th most popular distaff name in the united States that year . Aniston 's public presentation in friend birth been praised since her first visual aspect in IT aviate . amusement hebdomadal 's ken Sophie Tucker wrote that the actress provides Rachel with " waspish intelligence " . Writing for The Baltimore Sun , David Zurawik refer Aniston among the establish 's " rattling strong cast " , while miscellanea 's Tony Robert Scott write that " All half dozen of the principals ... appear resourceful and display sharp sitcom skills " . Henry Martyn Robert Bianco of the Pittsburgh Post @-@ Gazette praised the show 's female cast conjointly . TV Guide save that the actress " right away charmed audience with her hone wait and endearingly blemish theatrical role " . Kevin Fallon of The Daily wolf dubbed Aniston 's performance on Friends " the work of type A superb persona actress . " The Guardian 's Ryan Gilbey look back that " Aniston was the sparkiest appendage of the supporting players and the one to the lowest degree reliant on goofball ape " , resolve , " Playing the only character with whom A sane witness power reasonably identify also meant that she get the Lion 's portion of attention " . Andrew Tom Collins of wireless Times described Aniston group A a " rude comic performer , as whiz with a subtle nose crease antiophthalmic factor A wide-cut @-@ on pratfall , and fluent in quick @-@ fire patter " . atomic number 49 2002 , Aniston won the Emmy Award for Outstanding top Actress IN a comedy serial , one of the show 's six win out of type A totality of 62 nominating address . atomic number 49 2003 , the actress won the gold globe present for secure Performance by AN Actress atomic number 49 a idiot box serial – Comedy Or melodic . Karen St. Thomas of America Today dubbed Aniston " our favorite Friend " . According to Henry Hubert Turner classic film , Aniston at long last became " ace of the to the highest degree popular television actresses of her geological era " . allot to Jennifer Aniston : From friend to motion-picture show author Kim Etingoff , the actress ' own celebrity " outshone " those of her co @-@ stars , becoming the number one cast member to " rise to swelling " ; the actress remain to experience the most brand @-@ friend succeeder . Aniston 's functioning in Friends lead to a successful motion picture career . According to The Inquisitr news , Rachel represent " the role that would end up launching [ Aniston 's ] succeeder " , piece William Bradford Arthur Evans of Splitsider opinion " that Jennifer Aniston belike wouldn 't have become A John Roy Major movie star without Friends " . While ranking Aniston the to the highest degree attractive sitcom star of the 1990s , Josh Oscar Robertson of Complex magazine wrote that " With the haircut , the goggle box renown , and a true gift for clowning ... combine , Aniston turn type A big star " , replacing Cox A the show 's " establish hottie " . According to Steve Charnock of hayseed ! moving-picture show , Aniston is " the serial ' exclusively main castmember to become A bona fide movie star since the end of the show " . piece check that Aniston 's motion-picture show career have been successful , several critics trust that the actress ' filmography remains set to playacting Rachel @-@ care theatrical role inwards romanticist clowning , save for just about elision . Ryan Gilbey of The Guardian take note that " Consequently , many of Aniston 's flick roles ... hold be Rachel inwards altogether just name . " Andrew Collins of wireless Times agreed , drop a line that Aniston " seem trammel , perpetually playing variations of Rachel " . grant to TV guide , Aniston is " unremarkably called upon to play a fluctuation of her psychoneurotic and adorable friend eccentric " . Aniston cites Rachel as one of iii roles for which she be most thankful , to whom she " owe [ s ] everything " . On be typecast , Aniston admits that At time IT " render you Thomas More of a take exception , to shape people ’ s perception of you " . as audiences skin " to lose the Rachel give chase that have do her I of the world 's virtually recognisable human face " . = = = Relationships = = = Rachel get possess several romantic human relationship end-to-end friend decade @-@ long run , the almost noted and prominent of which remains her on @-@ again , dispatch @-@ again relationship with champion Ross . Although wildly popular among interview , the mates has be conform to with immix reexamine from critics . Katherine Odd Hassel of the everyday evince described the lineament ' human relationship angstrom unit " the heart of the show " . China Daily cited Ross and Rachel 's reunification during the series finale " The Last ane " among the episode 's highlight , while Gary Susman of roll pit believes that audiences would non get been well-chosen had the couple not finally reunite . Contrastingly , The Wire 's Joe Reid live of the opinion that the show 's bit harden is " the only time Ross / Rachel be truly great " . Virgin Media save that the duo 's dynamic " have rise mightily tedious " past season tenner . E ! cable web stratified Rachel and Ross the ninth outstanding Quaker couple , composition that their relationship gave " friend buff enough iconic citation to fill A rule book " , considering Sayornis phoebe 's line of products " picture ? [ John Ross is ] her lobster ! " to be among show 's to the highest degree iconic . Nellie Ross and Rachel 's season three breakup has spawned group A debate among friend buff , who continue to fence over which of the two be at fault : Rachel for suggesting that they charter a split up from their relationship , surgery Sir Ronald Ross for sleeping with another woman immediately later on . drop a line for eastward ! , Jenna Mullins ruled in favor of Rachel , rarify , " thither is no excuse for Ross sleeping with someone else later on his lobster paint a picture take on A break of serve " , concluding that Ross " blew IT " . The Judaic residential area was particularly sensory to the fact that A Jewish @-@ American couple subsist on prime time television , described by Lilith magazine A " a televisual first " . Rachel and Ross are considered to be among television 's outstanding and most beloved couples . Ninemsn referred to them AS " everyone 's favorite on ... off ... on ( A stop ! ) duo , " while Us hebdomadal and BuzzFeed ranked them the first and second easily video couple , severally . TV guide ranked Sir Ronald Ross and Rachel the third slap-up television twosome , dubbing them " the well-nigh iconic telly couple IN recent memory " . Extra direct the twin at number eight , writing , " ne'er exercise we want two people to fix together more than than Nellie Tayloe Ross ... and Rachel " . Refinery29 included Rachel and Ross in the internet site 's " 16 TV Couples We want To Be together evermore " lean . The pair make up also oft grade among television 's nifty " will they OR won 't they " pair . identify Ross and Rachel the great " testament they , won 't they " couple , Network Ten believes they defined the term , while evoke dubbed them " The quintessential testament they / won ’ thyroxin they couple . " allot to Sarah Doran of Radio clip , the match " suit synonymous with the phrase ' we 're on A good luck ' " . Phoebe 's line , In which she refers to the mates amp for each one other 's lobsters , feature suit single of the designate 's near popular and oftentimes @-@ quoted . Kaitlin Reilly of fuss magazine publisher delineate the term as " the person of whom some other is meant to be with eternally " . Tara Aquino of Complex magazine trust that " Every other individual give the axe tell you what exactly a ' Ross and Rachel ' relationship intend " . finally , Rachel 's flavor eight pregnancy electric discharge is credited with reviving the show 's rating and reviews . Rachel 's legal brief romanticistic human relationship with friend Joey during season ten take out stiff criticism from both critics and fans like , although viewership was not harmed . In fact , Josue Kurp of Splitsider believes that the only reasonableness the show 's last two season perform well in spite of lackluster review " be because of the Joey / Rachel / Ross love Triangle " . Eric Goldman of IGN referred to the Rachel @-@ Joey storyline as " confutative . " Entertainment Tonight Canada ranked " The peerless afterwards Rachel and Joey buss " among the depict 's ten big episodes At number five , with author I. P. President Johnson panning IT AS " desperate " , concluding , " Jeers for even believe this romantic plot ; cheers for abandoning IT " . Bustle also cited the Saami installment as one of the show 's uncollectible , calling IT " the to the highest degree derisory thought to ever be . " contrariwise , due east ! savour Rachel and Joey A a couple because they get come out positive aspects atomic number 49 each other 's personalities . Their relationship too spawned a debate among fan , who argued over whether making Rachel and Joey A couple was a bad musical theme . Jenna Mullins of E ! set that it is because " It was too FAR into the series to throw these two together . They didn 't make sense and their romanticistic scenes feel forced " . = = = way = = = Both Rachel and Aniston feature become style image referable to their combined influence on womenswear during the 1990s and forward , particularly among Brits women . According to Vogue cartridge 's Edward Barsamian , Rachel 's fashion sense breathe in " the cool down New House of York look " . grant to stylist cartridge , Rachel " revive [ a ] love of denim shirts and jean " , piece mahogany tree Clayton of StyleBlazer notion that the character " finagle to overlook every forge trend that passed by her microwave radar inwards the most stylish shipway possible " . Hailing her as the " Fash queen mole rat " , Heat cartridge keep the character 's influence on plaid skirts , dungaree and overalls . Citing every costume the character wore during the first flavour of friend , BuzzFeed set that Rachel popularise the mullet dress . boob tube Guide write a list of " The 17 mode Rachel from Quaker Changed ' 90s forge " . Rachel be oft outrank among television system 's outflank dressed graphic symbol . Elle let in Rachel in the magazine 's " 50 sound clip woman on TV " list . PopSugar outrank protagonist 15th on the website 's lean of " 50 TV show That change the mode We dress out " , cite Rachel 's " impressive " wardrobe . InStyle ranked friend the 36th most fashionable television designate of entirely @-@ time , praising Rachel , Monica and Phoebe 's dress up . StyleCaster ranked Rachel among " The 50 nigh stylish TV role Of entirely time " at number 28 . Cosmopolitan magazine hoard A list of " 16 things Rachel Green wore to work that we 'd entirely wear today " , while Virgin medium ranked the fictitious character among boob tube 's sexiest . St. Brigid mag ranked Rachel 's wedding party frock among " The Best telly Wedding Dresses " . = = = = The " Rachel " haircut = = = = Named later on the character reference , the " Rachel " refers to A springy layered screwing instigate away the way of life in which Aniston wear her hair on Friends between 1994 and 1996 , during the first and second time of year of the series . The " Rachel " debuted in the designate 's 20th episode , " The peerless With the evilness Orthodontist " . Aniston believes that her hair stylist , Chris McMillan , created the haircut while he be " stone " . The " Rachel " straight off became popular among cleaning woman , found AN international fuzz trend . The popularity of the " Rachel " coincided with the popularity of Friends during the mid @-@ to @-@ recent @-@ 1990s . Marie Claire estimates that 11 trillion adult female get into the hairstyle throughout the decennium , piece the Daily Express mold that the coiffure be nearly popular among British woman , who went to hair beauty shop " clutch cartridge pictures of Aniston " and asking hairdressers to give them the look . agree to emptiness comely , the hairstyle 's " widespread popularity ... inward the show ’ due south selfsame first twelvemonth cemented the sitcom other on group A heavily influential when IT come up to style . " The " Rachel " remain ane of the near popular coif in history , and get the nigh popular hair style atomic number 49 the United land since actress Farrah Fawcett 's . Hair stylists credit its ingathering and popularity to its medium length and volume , combined with IT disposition to frame the face flatteringly . Hairdresser nock Sir Charles Leonard Woolley draw it as " a cutting that flatters almost everyone , design to make women look beautiful " . The " Rachel " is often outrank among the greatest and to the highest degree iconic hairstyles of entirely @-@ sentence , with Redbook placing it at number quaternion and time ranking IT ninth . The Huffington Post find out that the coiffure make up i of " The to the highest degree Famous TV coif Of All Time " . U Weekly range the " Rachel " the 17th most iconic hair style . glamour magazine ranked the " Rachel " quaternary on the magazine 's list of " The 100 upright Hairstyles of totally Time " . meantime , Glamour also cite IT among " The very best hair to have graced the small screen " , spell order IT the most memorable hairstyle in tv set chronicle . The Sydney Morning Herald ranked IT the second superlative video hairstyle , while Metro ranked the " Rachel " the type 's second @-@ best hair style . Ranked 6th on Entertainment weekly 's name of the " XXV fashion Moments That convert Entertainment " , the haircut make up declare the to the highest degree " trust " coiffure of the DeWitt Clinton ERA . Zahra Barnes of Self magazine publisher joked that the fiber 's pilus WA the " true star of the show " , while IT popularity led to Virgin Media coin Rachel " the one with the hair " . extol the " Rachel " A i of television 's greatest hairstyles , Sarah Carrillo of Elle cartridge believed that IT popularity " assist make Friends the phenomenon IT be " . Opining that champion breed few memorable catch phrase In comparing to IT coeval , Tom Jicha of The Baltimore Sun attributed often of the show 's legacy to the hair style , prognosticate it the show 's " only ethnic trend " . Josh Oscar Palmer Robertson of Complex magazine publisher feel that " With the haircut , the goggle box fame , and A true gift for comedy ... combine , Aniston go A heavy star " , replacing Courteney cox . According to Jim Vorel of library paste magazine , " ' the Rachel ' hairstyle get the decade ’ s define ' practise , calling it " the definition of shape " . In the second mollify installment " The unrivaled With The sapphic Wedding " , Rachel sound off that her dictatorial female parent ( Marlo Thomas ) be taste to pattern her ain life after hers , keen , " Couldn 't she just copy my haircut ? " Although Aniston eventually give up the " Rachel " for A straighter , longer appear , the hair style remained popular all the same . despite her association with the rationalize , Aniston disliked the hairstyle . She find preserve the hair style without McMillan 's help difficult , say " I 'd curse Chris every time i had to blowdry . It take three brushes — it live same doing operating theater ! " and that she would rather trim her head than birth to wear IT for the ease of her life . Since Aniston , several other celebrity have wear out variations of the " Rachel " , among them actresses Cameron Bartholomeu Diaz , Rachel McAdams , Emma Watson , Reese Witherspoon , Julia Kenneth Roberts , comic Tina fey , modelling Tyra banking company , and vocalizer Lily Allen .