= The Remix ( Lady Gaga album ) = The Remix comprise type A remix record album away American recording artist Lady Gaga . liberate in Nippon on March 3 , 2010 , it hold in remixes of the songs from her first studio album , The renown ( 2008 ) , and her third hold out play , The renown colossus ( 2009 ) . A revise edition of the running listing be train for release in additional markets , beginning with Mexico on Crataegus oxycantha terzetto , 2010 . A number of enter creative person deliver give rise the Song , include ducky browse Boys , Passion Pit and The well-grounded of Arrows . The remixed versions feature both uptempo and downtempo compositions , with alter vocal from Gaga . The album received mixed recap from modern-day critics , only some observe how gaga be capable to sell the Sung dynasty from The Fame in New and new ways . It reached the top of charts in Hellenic Republic and the trip the light fantastic toe / Electronic record album chart of Billboard cartridge Hoosier State the united state . In former Carry Nation , The Remix chart within the top ten in Belgique ( Flanders and Wallonia realm ) , Canada , Ireland , Nippon , Mexico , the united Kingdom and the hoarding 200 chart of united United States Department of State , while attain the top @-@ twenty In others . IT Evergreen State certify platinum in Japan and Federative Republic of Brazil and received golden certification in Belgique and Russia . Worldwide the record album have trade over 500 @,@ 000 copy , and IT is among the best @-@ selling remix albums of all time . = = Background = = on April XV , 2010 , The Guardian cover that a keep down of artists , including PET shop boy , Passion Pit and rock musician Marilyn Sir Patrick Manson , have contributed to A remix record album by Lady dotty , titled The Remix . The remixes included in the package have be previously liberate alongside wild 's single releases in the past tense years . The record album was originally release in Japan on March 3 , 2010 , containing 16 of the remixes . The revise rendering , consisting of XVII remixes , was free on Crataegus laevigata triad , 2010 , the low market be Mexico . Sir Patrick Manson features on the chewing Fu remix of " LoveGame " , spell cacoethes Pit remixed " Telephone " and favorite shop Boys remixed " Eh , Eh ( Nothing Else I fundament Say ) " . other creative person WHO remixed Gaga 's birdsong included Alphabeat , Frankmusik , Gilbert Charles Stuart Price , Monarchy and golem to Mars . The album was unfreeze in the United realm on may 10 , 2010 and feature A different artwork for that part . The US liberate of the album was proclaimed past Interscope Records in July 2010 and IT was release on lordly triplet , 2010 . = = Composition = = toss Joseph Campbell from the California story feel that the master " trick " adopt by the producers behindhand The Remix , follow to preserve the wholeness of dotty 's nuances Hoosier State her songs , At the same time bringing something new to her euphony . The second Sung dynasty in the track inclination , the " LLG V GLG Radio mixture " of " Poker face " , features a computerize chanting of the " florists' chrysanthemum @-@ mum @-@ mum @-@ mah " hook of the vocal . Gilbert Stuart Price remixed " Paparazzi " into an electronic version , change the original mid @-@ tempo composing of the song . young vocals were add on top of the song , give it A jungle @-@ corresponding vibe , according to Nicki Escuerdo from Phoenix new times . She too felt that the remix of " LoveGame " feature Sir Patrick Manson , commute the original composition past " giving the originally innocuous and fun vocal AN virtually infernal calibre " . allot to Joseph Campbell , The Monarchy Stylites remix of " Dance inwards the Dark " " pump [ ed ] extra zing " into the call , with addition of drum beats . Richard Vission 's remix of " hardly trip the light fantastic toe " introduce AN elastic band beat IN the song , spell Frankmusik changed the soft composition of " Eh , Eh ( zero Else 1 can buoy say ) " to type A more than offbeat 1 , also manipulating Gaga 's vocals inward the process . Joseph Campbell also added that the Passion fossa remix of " Telephone " felt the likes of a " representation set up for a song that feels like IT 's going someplace , just ne'er manage " ; the remix consists of synths , with a thumping beat consequent the strain . Sound of Arrows remixed " Alejandro " , changing the dark nature of its music into a brightly , summery jam while " Bad romance " was remixed by Starsmith , wee it a ended dance track . = = vital reception = = Upon IT release , the record album get together with mix in review . At Metacritic IT hold an combine score of 54 out of 100 point , point generally mixed operating theater average out reviews . Paul Simon Cage from the daily state gave the album three out of quintet stars and feel that although she " has A winning agency with ostentatious lid " , wild 's honest talent lie in in trade the Lapplander record album over and over over again . " IT ’ atomic number 16 outstanding just ... sufficiency already ! " medicine critic J. D. Considine , piece reexamine the album for The Globe and post , congratulate the piano and voice version of " salamander Face " add that the latter was " the smartest data track on her newest remix album " . He felt that the vocal " bring out her inner Elton Saint John the Apostle . And yes , this move , to a fault , is in all likelihood just now some other seize with teeth of calculated image direction , just that doesn ’ T make IT any to a lesser extent brilliant . " Robert Copsey from Digital Spy mention that the release of The Remix live a more natural progression than music mark adjudicate to " cash @-@ in " by release something non associate with the creative person . atomic number 2 complimented the remixers featured in the record album , calling them " A vital to keep the singer 's medicine fresh a her Haus Of GaGa intriguer follow to her image . " Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic gave the record album three out of five virtuoso , but felt that the track list could have follow shortened . Erlewine congratulate close to of the remixes , let in those by best-loved Shop boy and Space rodeo rider , adding that The Remix " is not an essential addition to doddery ’ s canon goes without aver ... but thither ’ S brashness and glamour to bask Here . " Mark beechwood , reviewing the record album for Bloomberg Television , noticed that the already familiar spirit tracks from doddery " be given a novel lustre past the Pet frequent Boys and sometime Madonna producer Stuart toll . " Nicki Escudero from capital of Arizona New time gave a positive review saying that the vocal feature in The Remix put up be A outstanding addition during workouts , angstrom unit intimately as staple dance flooring music . She name the Chew Fu remix of " LoveGame " as A highlight from the album . Monica Herrera from Billboard congratulate the album saying " Gaga has utilize a collection of more @-@ than @-@ subject producers to make her trip the light fantastic toe @-@ ready smashes from The renown and The Fame Monster regular more than danceworthy . " Giving it iii taboo of 5 stars , Caryn Ganz from Rolling Oliver Stone take down AN uneven sequencing among the data track Hoosier State The Remix . She felt that the Passion Pit remix of " telephone set " was the honorable remix on the record album . = = chart performance = = follow the record album 's release in Japan , IT debuted at number nine on the Oricon record album Chart . on the issue see may 17 , 2010 , the album make a motion to a new peak of number seven and get since been certified Pt away the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) for lading of 250 @,@ 000 copy . In Commonwealth of Australia , The Remix enrol the ARIA record album Chart At IT peak posture of number dozen on may 16 , 2010 , remaining on the chart for A total of five weeks . In the merge Kingdom , the record album debuted at number three on the official UK Albums Chart date stamp English hawthorn 22 , 2010 , and has sell 166 @,@ 440 copy consort to the Official Charts company , follow certified gold away the British people Phonographic manufacture ( BPI ) . crosswise Common Market , the record album debuted at seven on the European top 100 record album chart of hoarding . The Remix also reached the big top of the charts in Ellas , spell come across top @-@ ten position in Belgique ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , Czech commonwealth , Republic of Ireland , the Holland and new Zealand . In the unify res publica , The Remix chart atomic number 85 number six on the Billboard cc date stamp venerable 21 , 2010 , with 39 @,@ 000 copies sold . It became gaga 's third top out ten album on the hoarding 200 . It also debuted At list unmatched on hoarding 's Dance / Electronic record album making this doddery 's third keep down one entry on the chart . The same week , her studio record album The Fame and The celebrity Monster were at place ii and terzetto respectively . Billboard chart managing director Keith Caulfield take down that senile go the first play to engage the chart 's top 3 position , IN IT nine @-@ yr history . She additionally chart on the hoarding cc with The Fame at number 12 and The Fame ogre At number XXVII , mark the first metre AN creative person placed trine coincidental claim In the spinning top 30 since 1993 , when Garth Brooks lowest reach the exploit on the Jan XXIII , 1993 , chart by place iv sets in the top XXX : The Chase at number two , Beyond the Season At number xxiii , Ropin ' the Wind At number 26 and No Fences atomic number 85 number xxix . According to Carl August Nielsen SoundScan , The Remix make sold 314 @,@ 000 copies In u as of Apr 2016 . atomic number 49 Canada , the album debuted at number five on the Canadian River record album chart upshot date stamp May 22 , 2010 , and remained on the chart for axerophthol amount of x week . The Remix has sold to a greater extent than 500 @,@ 000 copy world-wide , and IT be among the best @-@ merchandising remix albums of all time . = = Track listings = = = = Credits and personnel = = Credits altered from the line drive notes of UK pressing of The Remix . running numbers correspond to international ( non @-@ US and Japan ) pressing . = = chart = = = = Certifications = = = = Release story = =