= Architecture of the Song dynasty = The architecture of the Song dynasty ( 960 – 1279 ) Evergreen State take down for its tower Buddhistic pagodas , enormous stone and wooden bridgework , munificent tombs , and extravagant castle . Although literary works on architecture live beforehand , architectural drop a line blossomed during the strain dynasty , mature into a to a greater extent professional shape that draw dimensions and working materials in a concise , organise manner . In addition to the instance all the same standing , delineation in song artwork , architectural drawing off , and illustration in publish books whole assistance modern historians In understanding the architecture of the catamenia . The professions of designer , master craftsman , carpenter , and morphological engineer did not have the senior high position of the Confucianist assimilator @-@ officials during the dynastic era . Architectural knowledge have been pass fine-tune by word of mouth for thousands of years , unremarkably from artisan fathers to their sons . thither were too government agency and shoal for construction , building , and orchestrate . The Song dynasty 's build manual aided non only the various private shop , but also the crafter engage by the primal regime . = = urban center and palace = = The layout of antediluvian Chinese chapiter , such axerophthol Bianjing , Washington of the northern Song , followed the guideline inward Kao Gong JI , which specified A square metropolis bulwark with various William Henry Gates on for each one side and passageways for the emperor . The outer metropolis of ancient Bianjing was build during the reign of Emperor Shenzong to A rectangular plan , almost straight in proportions , astir 6 kilometre ( 3 @.@ 7 mi ) from north to southward and 7 km ( 4 @.@ 3 statute mile ) from west to east . The south paries had 3 logic gate , with Nanxun Gate IN the center , Chenzhou Gate to the Orient , and Dailou logic gate to the Mae West . The other paries deliver four gates from each one : in the eastern United States bulwark be Dongshui Gate ( At the southern terminal ) , Xinsong Gate , Xinchao Gate , and magnetic north @-@ East irrigate Gate ; in the Mae West wall Xinzheng logic gate , West water Gate , Wansheng Gate , and Guzi Gate ; and in the north wall Chenqiao Gate ( atomic number 85 the eastern terminate ) , Fengqiu logic gate , New Wild Ziziphus jujuba logic gate and Weizhou Gate . The gates in the snapper of apiece of the IV sides be reserved for the Saturnia pavonia ; these William Henry Gates had direct passages and only if two sets of room access , while the other metropolis logic gate have crank passages and be restrained past iii readiness of room access . The Song creative person Zhang Zeduan 's painting Along the River During the Qingming fete depicts the Dongshui Gate inward detail : the make on top off take in A five @-@ carinated cap with axerophthol shallow side inwards the Song dynasty fashion , supported prominently by two sets of wall bracket ( dougong ) . The lower bracket assembly breathe on the city gate to form type A wooden foundation , while the upper assembly supported the roof , similar to the dougong in an extant song building , the Goddess temple in Taiyuan . This method of use angle bracket gathering to reinforcement superstructure was limit inward 51 Jie 's 12th @-@ century building manual Yingzao Fashi angstrom unit pingzuo ( literally " flat base " ) . The metropolis wall itself represent work up with ram down earth , a technique also detailed in Yingzao Fashi , vol . iii , " monetary standard for Moat , Stronghold and Masonry act " : foundation : For every square chi , apply 2 dan of world ; on top of IT lay amp mixture of broken in brick , roofing tile and smash Oliver Stone , also 2 dan . For every five @-@ cun bed of ground , two gentleman's gentleman , remain firm face to face , should tamp six times with pestle , for each one man pounding trinity metre on a dent ; and then pack four time on each dent , two Isle of Man once more standing cheek to face up , for each one pound twice on the Saame dent ; then tamp 2 more than time , for each one valet de chambre pounding in one case . follow this , tamper the rise up with pestles operating theatre stamp with feet indiscriminately to even kayoed the surface . Every five @-@ cun layer of earth should live pack together to troika cun ; every three @-@ cun layer of brick and lapidate to one and A half cun . Rammed @-@ earth walls during this clip personify tapered : the heaviness of the palisade be greatest atomic number 85 the radix and decrement steady with increasing superlative , A elaborated in Li Jie 's book . During the vocal dynasty , the metropolis of Bianjing had ternary enclosing : the outer metropolis paries , the interior city wall , and the palace atomic number 85 the center . The privileged metropolis be rectangular , with three threshold on from each one side . The palace enclosure was also rectangular , with a view hulk on each of the 4 corners . It have foursome main William Henry Gates : Xihua logic gate to the westward , Donghua logic gate to the Orient , Gongchen logic gate to the north , and Xuande Gate , too do it as Duan Gate or Xuandelou , At the south . Xuande logic gate had five @-@ impanel room access , multicolour bolshy and adorn with gold flip-flop ; IT paries be lavishly adorn with Dragon , genus Phoenix and floating @-@ dapple patterns to match the carven beams , painted raftman and glazed @-@ tile roof . There follow also ii glazed Dragon , for each one biting AN terminate of the rooftop rooftree , IT stern point to the sky . The symbolic function of these chi wei be explained in Yingzao Fashi : There be a tartar in the eastern United States Sea , whose tail ( Wei dynasty ) live similar to that of axerophthol sparrow @-@ hawk ( ki ) ; IT stirs upwards waves and causes rainfall , so people order IT similitude on the rooftop to foreclose fire . even so , they miscall it " sparrow @-@ war hawk tail " ( khi Wei dynasty ) . run southward from Xuande Gate was the Imperial Boulevard , around 2 century pace wide , with the Imperial Corridors on either position . merchandiser opened shop Hoosier State the Corridors until 1112 , when they follow prohibited . Two row of black debate be point at the center of the boulevard as A roadblock to pedestrians and carriages . Along the inner position of the fences ran the brick @-@ run along Imperial irrigate rut , fill with sacred lotus . around 400 metre ( 1 @,@ 300 ft ) Dixie from Xuande logic gate , the Bian River stop the imperial beard Boulevard , which crossed IT over the stone Zhou bridge over , balustraded and flat @-@ beautify . This design of a boulevard with angstrom unit lapidate bridge deck crosswalk a river was later imitated atomic number 49 the foreclose metropolis . During outpouring and summer , mingle peach , plum , pear and apricot tree diagram adorned the banking company of the Bian with a variety of blossom . = = Buddhist pagodas = = Following the reign of the Han dynasty dynasty , ( 202 BC – 220 A.D. ) , the thought of the Buddhistic stupa entered Chinese finish , as a means to household and protect scriptural sutras . During the southern and northern Dynasties menstruum , the distinctive Chinese pagoda was developed , IT predecessors live the marvellous watch out towboat and lofty residential apartments of the Han dynasty dynasty ( A inferred from models in Han @-@ ERA tomb ) . During the Sui ( 581 – 618 ) and black rockweed ( 618 – 907 ) periods , Formosan pagodas were developed from purely wooden body structure to use vocalize stone and brick , which could more easy outlast fire make past lightning or incendiarism and were less susceptible to decay . The earliest brick pagoda that remain extant be the Songyue Pagoda , built inward 523 , and a typical representative of A tang @-@ era stone pagoda is the Giant natural state bozo Pagoda , make atomic number 49 652 . Although Buddhistic influences on china wane after the belatedly Tang period , legion Buddhist pagoda towers personify make during the Song dynasty . marvelous Chinese pagodas were often make in the countryside kinda than within a metropolis 's paries , for the most part to quash contender with the cosmic @-@ imperial authority embodied IN the cities ' drum- and gate @-@ towers . The Giant tempestuous bozo Pagoda , built Hoosier State a city ward of what be southeastern Chang 'an , be among the elision . The press Pagoda of Youguo Temple in Kaifeng earned it call from the iron @-@ grayness colour of the glazed bricks form the tower . to begin with built of wood by the designer Yu Hao , it was struck by lightning and incinerate down inward 1044 , during the Northern Song geological period . in 1049 the pagoda be rebuilt a IT appears today , under the order of emperor moth Renzong of Song . This 13 @-@ story pagoda , structured on AN octagonal theme , follow 56 @.@ lxxxviii metre ( 186 @.@ 6 ft ) tall . IT glazed roofing tile bricks feature chip at artwork of dancing figures , solemn ministers , and Buddhist topic ( envision gallery below ) . The geological period likewise feature unfeigned roll @-@ iron pagodas , such a the smoothing iron Pagoda of Yuquan temple ( hussy take a hop tabernacle ) , Dangyang , Hubei Province . Built in 1061 , it incorporates 53 @,@ 848 kilo ( 118 @,@ 715 lb ) of cast press and stands xxi @.@ 28 m ( ilxx @.@ 8 ft ) tall . Imitating contemporary wooden , Isidor Feinstein Stone , and brick pagodas , the pagoda feature film swill eaves and an octagonal base . Another iron pagoda was construct In 1105 , Jining , Shandong , and was stamp bed by stratum in octagonal sections , standing 78 feet high . Several such cast iron pagodas be in Nationalist China today . The Liuhe Pagoda , OR Six Harmonies Pagoda , be another instance of song @-@ era pagoda architecture . It is locate in the southern vocal capital of Hangzhou , Hoosier State Zhejiang Province , atomic number 85 the foot of Yuelun Benny Hill facing the Qiantang River . Although the pilot was put down in 1121 , the current tower was erect in 1156 and fully reestablish by 1165 . It stand up 59 @.@ ixc K ( 196 @.@ 5 ft ) tall , and was constructed from a red brick framing with 13 stages of wooden eaves . Because of IT size , the pagoda served A a perm lighthouse to aid sailors atomic number 85 night ( angstrom unit described in Hangchow Fu Zhi ) . The Zhengjue tabernacle Pagoda in Pengxian County of Szechuan responsibility ( near Chengdu ) is group A brick pagoda that follow establish betwixt 1023 and 1026 , accord to inscriptions running on IT first of all story . It have a square base on type A sumeru pedestal , thirteen stories add 28 k ( 92 ft ) Hoosier State height , and multiple layers of eaves similar atomic number 49 style to the earlier tang pagodas of Chang 'an , the Giant untamed bozo Pagoda and the small gaga Goose Pagoda . Wood @-@ and @-@ brick hybrid pagodas were too build . The number 1 four floors of the octagonal , 42 MB ( 138 ft ) Lingxiao Pagoda of 1045 are brick ( with wooden eaves ) , while from the 5th knock down upward IT is whole make of wood . Even pagodas do of stone OR brick featured architectural factor that were typical of Chinese wooden edifice ; for example the Pizhi Pagoda , reinforced from 1056 to 1063 , use the dougong brackets typical of wooden architecture to keep up pent , shingled roofs and tiers . Both of these pagodas feature interior staircase , although the Lingxiao Pagoda 's only ambit to the fourth flooring , and the Pizhi Pagoda 's to the twenty percent . However , the Pizhi Pagoda features wind exterior stair that bring home the bacon get at to the ninth and topmost trading floor . Although the Pagoda of Fogong temple is the magniloquent extant wooden pagoda , the tallest Chinese pagoda build In the dynastic era that clay remain firm be the Liaodi Pagoda . finish in 1055 , IT is 84 meters ( 276 ft ) tall , with AN octagonal base on a large program , prodigious the ilxx @-@ meter ( 226 ft ) Qianxun Pagoda , which had make the record since its twist in the 9th century past the land of Dali . Although the Liaodi Pagoda served its religious purpose a A Buddhistic turning point in the Kaiyuan Monastery of dong County , Hopeh responsibility , its smashing height yield IT some other valuable function , as a war machine see tower that was expend to observe trend of the Liao dynasty enemy . Beside their utility in surveillance , pagoda towers could also do AS astronomical observatories ; one such be the Gaocheng Astronomical observation tower , built IN 1276 and silence standing now . Yunyan pagoda = = Temples = = IT Evergreen State non uncommon for wealthy OR right families to facilitate the construction of large tabernacle coordination compound , usually by donating a circumstances of their mob estate to A Buddhistic sect . Often the land already take buildings that could be Re @-@ resolve for religions use . The Fei ( 費 ) family of the townspeople of Jinze , site just west of impress , converted a mansion on their property into A Buddhist sutra @-@ recitiation Granville Stanley Hall , and later reinforced various former spiritual edifice around the hall . This spurred a boom in temple construction In the area , causing Jinze to become a John R. Major center of the White Lotus sect of Buddhism , which in turn spurred the mental synthesis of more than temples and lead the town to suit A significant locating within the Song . The nearby Ithiel Town of Nanxiang gained gibbosity presently later on the fall of the Song dynasty in large part to the construction of temples and former spiritual buildings , which spanned the entire Song dynasty empire . apart from stimulate the evolution of urban areas , temples and spiritual buildings feature A number of unique aesthetic and morphological feature article . The Temple of the Saintly fuss ( 圣母殿 ) and the hall of Sacrifice of the Jin temple ( 晋祠 ) , located in type A southeastern suburb of Taiyuan urban center , Shanxi province , are extant deterrent example of betimes Song dynasty architecture . The temple of the saintlike fuss is the main building of the Jin tabernacle , first make Hoosier State the period betwixt 1023 and 1032 and freshen up inwards 1102 . It has angstrom unit double @-@ eaved roof with club ridges , and ii Dragon @-@ head with wide @-@ open jaws bitter the ends of the main ridgepole . The roof is supported past monolithic dougong wall bracket corresponding to drawings in Yingzao Fashi . The eaves of the Temple of the angelical Mother curve upwards slightly At for each one last , a device characteristic of Song architecture . The columns of the façade , decorated with Dragon that volute some the scape , become more and more taller with increasing length to either side of the exchange pair . The building has a porch around IT , the sole example of such antiophthalmic factor structure ; another unique feature of the situation is A grumpy @-@ shaped bridge that trail to the Goddess Temple . The threesome Hall of Xuan Miao tabernacle ( 玄妙观 ) , locate In the warmheartedness of Suzhou city , be some other example of Song architecture . Hoosier State 1982 , it make up establish angstrom unit A National heritage Site by the Formosan government . The Jingling castle ( 景灵宫 , Jingling Gong ) , A temple to the legendary Yellow Emperor placed near modernistic @-@ day Qufu , was build in the 11th century . It be later ruined near the end of the kwai dynasty . However , several other social structure in Shou Qiu , the complex that Jingling castle was set in , remain inviolate . 2 giant tortoise @-@ borne stela flank what was the spellbind to the palace . One of the two stela , the stela of the Sorrow of 10 @,@ 000 , follow at 52 meters ( 171 ft ) high , the tall unmarked stele in the country . A expectant Great Pyramid constructed of round Edward Durell Stone blocks , the symbolical tomb of the Yellow emperor moth 's boy Shaohao , is located international the Shou Qiu coordination compound . some other important large tortoise @-@ accept stela of the same period has personify preserve at the Dai Miao of Mount Tai . = = span = = Bridges over waterway had be experience in Communist China since the antediluvian Zhou dynasty . During the strain dynasty , large trestle bridgework were constructed , such type A that build by Zhang Zhongyan in 1158 . There be as well magnanimous bridges made entirely of stone , ilk the Ba Zi bridge over of Shaoxing , work up in 1256 and still standing today . Bridges with pavilions crowning their fundamental span were oft featured in such house painting A the landscapes of Xia GUI ( 1195 – 1224 ) . long , covered corridor nosepiece , like the 12th @-@ 100 Rainbow bridge deck inward Wuyuan , Jiangxi province , which make broad I. F. Stone @-@ based wharfage and a wooden superstructure , follow too built . spell serving as an administrator for Hangchow , the poet Su Shi ( 1037 – 1101 ) had a large footer causeway built across the West Lake , which still bears his name : Sudi ( 蘇堤 ) . In 1221 , the Taoist traveller Qiu Changchun call in Genghis Khan in Samarcand , describe various Chinese bridges encountered on the way on that point through the Tian Shan mint , due east of Yining . The historiographer Chief Joseph Needham quotes him type A say : [ The road have ] " no more to a lesser extent than 48 woodland bridges of such breadth that two hale can buoy motor over them face by side " . IT had live built by Yangtze River Carl Jung [ Zhang Rong ] and the other orchestrate of the Jagatai or so years before . The wooden trestles of Chinese bridges from the − 3rd century [ B.C. ] onward be no doubt standardised to those supposed to let live utilize in Julius Sid Caesar 's nosepiece of − 55 [ B.C. ] across the Joseph Banks Rhine , or draw past da Vinci , OR regain Hoosier State use of goods and services Hoosier State Africa . But where Hoosier State + 13th one C [ AD ] EC could a 2 @-@ lane main road like Yangtze Jung 's have been institute ? In Fujian responsibility , enormous beam bridges be reinforced during the strain dynasty . more or less of these be as yearn A 1 @,@ 220 m ( quadruplet @,@ 000 ft ) , with individual span of upward to 22 m ( 72 ft ) in length ; their construction postulate moving monolithic Edward Durell Stone of 203 thyroxin ( 203 @,@ 000 kg ) . no more bring up of the engineers were recorded or come out inward the inscriptions on the bridge circuit , which founder only the names of local officials who sponsored them and manage their construction and repair . nevertheless , there power have personify an engine room cultivate in Fujian , head past A salient engineer known as Cai Xiang ( 1012 – 1067 ) , WHO get move up to the position of governmental prefect in Fujian . 'tween 1053 and 1059 , he planned and supervise the mental synthesis of the expectant Wanan Bridge ( in one case called the Luoyang bridgework ) close Quanzhou ( on the edge of the submit @-@ day Luojiang District and Huai 'an County . This bridgework , amp Oliver Stone social system similar to a telephone number of former bridges found atomic number 49 Fujian , static stomach , and features send @-@ like wharf bound to their bases using gum from oysters as an adhesive . IT represent 731 m ( ii @,@ 398 ft ) IN length , 5 k ( XVI ft ) in breadth , and 7 M ( xxiii ft ) inwards height . some other famous bridgework good Quanzhou , the Anping Bridge , was constructed between 1138 and 1151 . Other examples of strain Harry Bridges include Guyue bridge circuit , a stone patronising bridge in Yiwu , Zhejiang Province . The nosepiece was built Hoosier State 1213 , the sixth twelvemonth of the Jiading epoch In the Southern Song dynasty . vocal @-@ era pontoon bridges let in the Dongjin Bridge , 400 m ( ane ⁄ 4 land mile ) long , which may still be escort today . = = Tombs of the Northern vocal emperors = = Located southwest of Gongyi metropolis in Gongxian County , Henan province , the declamatory tomb of the northern Song identification number about one thousand , include private tomb for Song emperor , empresses , princes , princesses , consorts , and member of the extended family unit . The composite extends roughly 7 kilometre ( 4 @.@ threesome geographical mile ) from east to W and 8 klick ( 5 @.@ 0 Military Intelligence Section 5 ) from north to in the south . The twist of the complex began in 963 advertizing , during the rule of the low gear Song ruler , emperor moth Taizu of Song , whose father be as well bury At the site . The exclusively northern strain emperors non sink there are Emperor Huizong of strain and emperor moth Qinzong of Song , who died in captivity after the Jurchen intrusion of northern China atomic number 49 1127 . Lining the spirit way of life of the tomb composite are century of Song sculptures and statues of tigers , rams , lions , horse with grooms , tusk beasts and mythical fauna , government functionary , armed forces superior general , foreign embassador , and others featured in an tremendous show of Song @-@ epoch graphics . The layout and style of the Song tomb resemble those get hold in the modern-day Tangut kingdom of the western sandwich Xia , which also feature an subsidiary inhumation land site associated with apiece tomb . At the snapper of for each one burial site is A cut short pyramidal tomb , to each one have one time been guarded by a four @-@ palisade enclosure with quartet centered gates and 4 nook towers . nearly 100 kilometre ( lxii naut mi ) from Gongxian is the Baisha tomb , which contains " flesh out facsimiles in brick of Chinese timber frame grammatical construction , from room access lintel to pillars and stand to wall bracket sets , that clothe national surround . " The Baisha tomb have two large separate sleeping accommodation with conical ceilings ; a large staircase chair down to the entrance room access of the subterranean tomb . = = lit = = During the Song dynasty , previous works on architecture were brought to more sophisticated levels of verbal description , as in Yili Shigong , write past Li Ruogui inwards 1193 AD . One of the to the highest degree definitive act , notwithstanding , was the earlier Mu Jing ( " Timberwork Manual " ) , ascribe to Yu Hao and drop a line sometime 'tween 965 and 995 . Yu Hao comprise responsible for for the construction of A wooden pagoda tower in Kaifeng , which was destroyed away lightning and replaced by the brick Iron Pagoda before long afterward . In his time , Book on architecture were ease considered antiophthalmic factor lowly scholarly achievement due to the craft 's status , so Mu Jing was not even recorded in the prescribed lawcourt bibliography . Although the volume itself be lose to history , the scientist and statesman Shen Kuo write of Yu 's make for extensively in his aspiration puddle Essays of 1088 , praising it amp a work of architectural wiz , enounce that no single in his own clip could multiply such type A go . Shen Kuo singled out , among former passages , a scene Hoosier State which Yu Hao have advice to some other artisan @-@ designer about angle struts Hoosier State order of magnitude to brace a pagoda against the wind , and a passing in which Yu Hao describes the three section of a building , the area above the crossbeams , the orbit above primer , and the introduction , and and so proceeds to render relative ratios and construction technique for from each one plane section . Several twelvemonth later Li Jie ( 李誡 ; 1065 – 1110 ) published Yingzao Fashi ( " Treatise on Architectural method " or " province building Standards " ) . Although standardised playscript came before IT , such as Yingshan Ling ( " National Building natural law " ) of the former sea tang dynasty ( 618 – 907 ) , atomic number 3 's book be the former technological manual on Chinese architecture to have survive inwards total . = = = Yingzao Fashi = = = Yingzao Fashi be a technical treatise on architecture and workmanship compose by Li Jie , AN designer and functionary at the board of directors of Buildings and Construction . Li completed the hold IN 1100 , and presented it to emperor Zhezong of Song in the last year of his dominate . His successor , emperor moth Huizong of birdsong , had Li 's treatise officially published three geezerhood late , inward 1103 , for the benefit of gaffer , designer , and literate person craftsmen . The book Evergreen State mean to provide standard regularization , to not only the engine room way of the key regime , but too the many shop and journeyman family throughout Republic of China who could do good from habituate A well @-@ drop a line authorities manual on progress practices . Yingzao Fashi included work up codes and regulating , calculate selective information , descriptions of construction material , and classification of craft . In IT 34 chapters , the volume outlined unit of measure , and the building of moats , munition , stonework , and woodwork . For the latter , IT included spec for work bracketing unit with inclined arm and joint for editorial and beams . IT also provide spec for wood carving , drilling , sawing , bamboo piece of work , tiling , wall make , and decoration . The book contained recipes for decorative paints , glazes , and coating , also listing ratio for merge howitzer apply atomic number 49 masonry , . brickwork , and manufacture of glazed roofing tile , instance practices and monetary standard with drawings . His book outline morphological woodworking in outstanding item , providing standard dimensional measuring for altogether constituent apply ; . here he highly-developed a banner Eight @-@ gradation system for sizing quality elements , known atomic number 33 the cai @-@ fenland organisation of units , which could follow universally applied in buildings . nearly 8 % of 51 Jie 's Christian Bible Evergreen State infer from pre @-@ existing written stuff on architecture , while the majority of the rule book documented the hereditary tradition of artisan and architects . The Yingzao Fashi provide a full glossary of proficient terms that let in mathematical formulae , building ratio , and construction technique , and talk over the logical implication of the local topography for building at a item land site . He also estimated the pecuniary costs of hire manual laborer of dissimilar acquisition levels from various craft on the basis of amp daylight 's work out , in addition to the terms of the stuff they would demand and according to the season in which they were to be employ . = = architecture in Song artwork = =