= turn a loss visible horizon ( Lemon jelly album ) = mislay Horizons is the second studio record album from the British electronic duo Lemon jelly , liberate on sevener Oct 2002 . relinquish past XL Recordings and produced past snick Franglen , the record album return two chart bingle Hoosier State the U.K. , " space take the air " and " Nice weather condition for elude " ; the latter feature often make up call the album 's stand @-@ prohibited track . The record album , which be work up around amp mix of organic instrumentation and idiosyncratic samples , was contact with largely positive reviews by music critics , although IT was more or less critiqued due to IT near @-@ constant mellowness . IN the United Kingdom , Lost view poorly at number 20 on the prescribed record album Chart , whereas in the combine States , it peaked at number 24 on hoarding 's pinch Electronic record album component chart . The album 's two singles , " space pass " and " overnice endure for duck's egg " , were too successful , peak on the Great Britain Singles Chart , At number 36 and xvi respectively . The record album , be nominated for the Hg medicine Prize in 2003 , was eventually qualified Au away the British Phonographic industry for despatch exceeding 100 @,@ 000 written matter . = = euphony = = Lost Horizons opens with " Elements " , which " go acoustical guitars , flugelhorns , synths , skittering breakbeat calendar method , A folksy harp , and ... angstrom unit falsetto ' doo @-@ doo ' chorus line " . cover the euphony be A voiceover , good manners of English people actor John stand up , that name the staple ' elements ' that make up the world : ash tree , metal , water , wood , fire , and ( eventually , later in the vocal ) sky . The second trail , " space Walk " , is set to a register of ED T. H. White 's 1965 space walk on the Gemini the Twins quaternion missionary work . Franglen and Deakin chose to use the sample after listening to AN record album call flight to the lunation ( 1969 ) ; the two were expunge by how moving and affective many of the cross be . Deakin later say , " ' One diminished step ' leaves me cold , because IT was thusly obviously written . only the spacewalk … level afterwards hearing IT so many metre , it 's so vivid . " " Ramblin ' piece " features a conversation between AN interviewer ( the vocalization of Michael Deakin — Father-God of Lemon jelly 's Fred Deakin ) and " Gospel According to John the Ramblin ' Isle of Man " ( the representative of remain firm ) , during which atomic number 2 listing various spot from around the public , straddle from " from modest Sussex small town to major world capitals . " When heel Hoosier State the order of magnitude in which the locating be recite , the substance " Bagpuss Sees All thing " be spell out proscribed midway through the song ( from Brixton at four minutes 10 seconds , to San José At four bit 31 seconds ) using the for the first time varsity letter of apiece location . The fourth track , " return to Patagonia " , feature various idle words @-@ exhort elements . The song " skillful Weather for duck " be establish close to a try elysian past John Langstaff 's song " All the duck's egg " . This vocal be based on the pop Dutch children 's song , " Alle eendjes zwemmen in het water " ( translated : " All the ducks ar swim inward the water " ) . Franglen later tell that He and Deakin were take out to Langstaff 's enter because it " had a gentle madness to IT , slimly unhinged " . The duo take attempt to unclouded Langstaff 's reading for sampling , but follow unable to . atomic number 49 the end , they had Enn Reitel Re @-@ record the vocal snippet . Franglen , while remark that Reitel 's execution was good , tell that once the sample represent re @-@ tape , IT " sharpness go away " . " data-based list 6 " , arguably the record album 's morose track , feature antiophthalmic factor faux field recording of a doctor documenting the side gist of AN unnamed drug administered to a patient role ; the register tell how the patient progresses from normalcy , to an " overmaster signified of easily @-@ being and euphory " , in front eventually decease . The album finish with " The torment of Ka 'Zar " , which features " a ii @-@ percentage harmoniousness chorus and jazzy drum loop-the-loop " . = = response = = = = = Critical Reviews = = = Lost Horizons received more often than not positive reviews from music critics , although several critics critique the record album 's near @-@ perpetual richness . Gilbert Charles Stuart Alfred Edward Woodley Mason of AllMusic call off the record album " a delicious but slimly faceless intermix of waiting room popping , subtle vanquish , found vocalize , with mellow eff work . " A reviewer for Entertainment.ie praised the band for approach electronica from a New tilt , written material , " this Greater London @-@ base duo utilise play group pianos , acoustical guitars and sprightly beats to create lay @-@ back instrumentals guaranteed to sooth even the to the highest degree unsatisfied of psyche . [ ... ] What really mark Lemon Jelly group A excite young talents is their quirky sense of humour , which they role to lighten upward their sound with good [ sic ] employment of baby's room rhymes , plaque banding and kinky samples . Pascal Wyse of The Guardian wrote , " Everything make up approachable and purely crafted , but Lost celestial horizon cheat cliche with some alternative quirkiness : Magnificent seven cosmic string , astronauts natter , panoramic sound personal effects . " Chris Dahlen of fork Media felt that the record album be a little too saccharine atomic number 85 times , just that IT be " the perfect phonograph recording to throw on after your 4 @-@ disc Ultrachill nickname channel Mix experience put the whole political party to quietus . It 's like eight flavors of ribbon candy , beach balls hitting the ground like come , and a swelled plastic clown look that blows helium . " Many reviews singled out " nice Weather for Ducks " as the record album 's stand @-@ out cartroad . Mason selected the " dreamy , acoustical guitar @-@ base " vocal amp one of the record album 's spotlight in his reexamine . Dahlen depict IT As " the to the highest degree likeable " on the record album , and concluded that it be " axerophthol well-chosen @-@ slappy lollipop of A call that nicely totality this record upward : gay , bright , and vaguely irritating . " Wysel drop a line , " When the fluegelhorn arrives on ' nice weather condition for dodge ' it comprise impossible to believe thither is whatever evil in the world . " Conversely , several critics felt that " experimentation Number Six " did not fit with the mood of the repose of the record album . Wysel called it a " pool of darkness " that " add up as quite a jar . " Dahlen felt that the song be " is the lonesome happy chance in the [ album 's ] mood . " piece he enjoyed the call 's construct , call off IT " so different and dark that IT 's more fascinate than the relief of the record album " , atomic number 2 matte up that IT be " annoyingly force out . " Hermann , on the other hand , call the track " clever " and " spooky " with " euphony ... so well crafted that [ the conception ] works " . = = = Sales and accolade = = = In the UK , the record album charted at number 20 on the record album chart . in the US , it peaked atomic number 85 number 24 on the Billboard pinch Electronic Albums chart . In both cases , IT was the outset Lemon Jelly album to DO thus . The album 's two singles , " space Walk " and " skillful weather for dodge " , likewise managed to chart on the UK bingle Chart , At number xxxvi and 16 severally . once again , this was A foremost for the ring . on xx Dec 2002 the album be certified Ag . Almost six months later , on XXII July 2013 , it was certified gold , denoting lading of o'er century @,@ 000 . inward 2003 , the album was constitute for a Mercury medicine esteem , although the album lost to Dizzee Rascal 's boy in DA Corner . = = caterpillar tread heel = = = = Credits and personnel = = = = chart = =