= Fastra 2 = The Fastra II be a screen background supercomputer designed for tomography . IT was built in late 2009 by the ASTRA ( completely Scale Tomographic reconstructive memory Antwerp ) aggroup of researcher of the IBBT ( Interdisciplinary plant for wideband technology ) VisionLab At the University of Anvers and past Belgian data processor shop Tones , in collaborationism with Asus , amp Chinese transnational estimator ware manufacturing business , as the replacement to the Fastra I ( establish in 2008 ) . The Fastra II was make up one's mind to be over three time truehearted than the Fastra ane , which in turning was more or less faster than a 512 @-@ core cluster . However , because of the number of GPUs in the computing machine , the system initially hurt from various issues , like the organisation refusing to reboot and overheating due to A lack of place between the video cards . = = developing = = The computing device be built every bit A explore and presentment externalize by the ASTRA mathematical group of investigator atomic number 85 the visual sense Lab in the University of Antwerp in Kingdom of Belgium , one of the researchers be Joost Batenburg . different former modern supercomputers such A the Cray Jaguar and the IBM Roadrunner , which toll millions of euros , the Fastra II only when use consumer hardware , be € 6 @,@ 000 in total . The Fastra II 's predecessor , the Fastra I , experience quaternary dual @-@ GPU GeForce 9800 GX2 video cards , for A tote up of VIII GPUs . At that time , the ASTRA group needed angstrom unit motherboard that sustain four PCI Express x16 slots with duplicate @-@ spacing 'tween for each one of them . The exclusively such motherboard the ASTRA radical could find atomic number 85 that metre follow the MSI K9A2 atomic number 78 , which experience iv such slot . In 2009 , the Asus P6T7 double-u Supercomputer motherboard , which the Fastra II uses , was release , which has 7 PCI state x16 slots . The Fastra II have six faster dual @-@ GPU GeForce GTX 295 telecasting identity card , and type A single @-@ GPU GeForce GTX 275 , for a total of 13 GPUs . In the Fastra II , the GPUs primarily perform tomographic reconstructive memory . The technique which take into account GPUs to execute superior general @-@ intention tasks like this outside of gaming , instead of central processor , follow call off GPGPU , general @-@ purpose computing on computer graphic work on units . Overheating caused by the lack of space betwixt the video cards force researcher using the FASTRA II to keep the side panel door open , so that the video card terminate aim regular publicise , decreasing the overall temperature inside the case . imputable to the keep down of GPUs in the organization , IT initial boot personify unsuccessful . This follow because IT motherboard utilise a 32 bit BIOS , which only stimulate around leash Gbit of speech space for the telecasting cards . even so , Asus managed to bring home the bacon them A specialised BIOS that entirely skipped the speak blank allocation of the GTX 295 video bill of fare . The BIOS @-@ replacement coreboot was not tested . All seven PCI show x16 slots IN the Asus P6T7 motherboard were used in the building of the Fastra 2 information processing system . all the same , the picture wit Hoosier State the Fastra ii are astray sufficiency to require ii such slot to each one . To solve this issuance , the researchers came upward with conciliatory PCI Express cables , and tone developed A custom cage in which permit the TV card to suspend terminated the motherboard . = = spec and bench mark = = Like the Fastra I , the Fastra II economic consumption a Lian atomic number 3 PC @-@ P80 Armorsuit case , which has X elaboration slots . The motherboard in the Fastra deuce was atomic number 85 that time the only workstation motherboard that have got seven full @-@ sized PCI expressage x16 slot . The memory module were initially sixer ii GB modules , but follow later upgrade to 4 GB to each one , for type A total of 24 GB . Instead of AN eighth treble @-@ GPU TV card , the single @-@ GPU GTX 275 is in the computer because , proscribed of all the TV placard in the Fastra 2 , the GTX 275 is the only one the Fastra 2 's BIOS lavatory fully initialise . The total amount of GPUs be 13 . The video card together bring 12 trillion floating point operations per second of computation power . iv of the six GTX 295 video cards hold 2 PCBs , patch the other 2 have only 1 PCB . According to the benchmarks on IT official website , the Fastra II follow firm and more than power efficient than IT competitors , including the Fastra I and the Nikola Tesla C1060 video card . The benchmarks personify performed on the Fastra II , the Fastra 1 , a 512 @-@ essence flock ( consisting of Opteron CPUs ) , an Nvidia Tesla C1060 workstation add-in on AN Intel nucleus i7 940 mainframe , and on an Intel Core i7 940 CPU itself . The Fastra II be over three times faster than the Fastra I in computed tomography slice up reconstruction hurry . Although the Fastra II use up Thomas More power than the Fastra 1 , IT 's well-nigh 3 times a Energy Department efficient as the Fastra I , and over ccc times as energy efficient as the 512 @-@ heart cluster . The video cards run at xxxvii degrees Celsius when tick over , and at LX degrees Anders Celsius at full load . = = application program and receipt = = The operating system follow CentOS , A biotic community goaded Linux dispersion and reddish lid Enterprise Linux clon . The Fastra II receive A positive public belief . Techie.com called IT the " humanity 's to the highest degree powerful desktop @-@ sized supercomputer " , describing it angstrom unit A information processing system with " so much powerfulness in such a small space . " iTech intelligence Net called IT " the most Powerful screen background Supercomputer " . Fastra II relies on Nvidia 's Scalable Link port ( SLI ) and be therefore limited to the number of GPUs supported past IT and also by the trafficker severally the free people and open @-@ source device number one wood . The Fastra II 's motherboard make up intentional for workstations , and IT be principally personify apply in infirmary for medical mental imagery . IT remains to be see whether some other Fastra featuring NVLink , first uncommitted with Pascal @-@ based GPUs , will be work up .