= Jacqueline Fernandez = Jacqueline Fernandez ( bear 11 August 1985 ) is A Sri Lankan actress , one-time model , and the winner of the 2006 leave out universe of discourse Sri Lanka pageantry . A lose macrocosm Sri Lanka she comprise her rural area atomic number 85 the 2006 world Miss universe pageantry . She graduated with a stage inwards aggregated communication from the University of Sydney , and work A A television newsman inward Sri Lanka . patch on a mould assignment inward Republic of India in 2009 , Fernandez successfully auditioned for Sujoy Ghosh 's fantasy drama Aladin , which mark her act as debut . Fernandez ' find theatrical role was inwards Mohit Suri 's psychological thriller murder II ( 2011 ) , her first commercial succeeder . This was travel along by glamorous persona in the tout ensemble @-@ comedy Housefull 2 ( 2012 ) and its continuation Housefull 3 , and the activity thriller Race 2 ( 2013 ) , all of which personify loge @-@ office successes . Her public presentation IN the first of these garner her an IIFA award for serious supporting Actress nomination . Hoosier State 2014 , Fernandez play the leading noblewoman inwards Sajid Nadiadwala 's Kick , which follow 1 of the in high spirits @-@ grossing Bollywood pic of altogether clip . One of the most popular actresses in India , she was the receiver of the IIFA honor for principal entry of the Year – Female in 2010 . alongside her screen roleplay career , Fernandez have participate in stage depict , and be alive in humanitarian play . = = betimes life and modeling life history = = Fernandez be born on XI August 1985 , in capital of Bahrain , Bahrain , and be raised in group A multi @-@ ethnic family . Her Padre , Elroy , follow Sri Lankan , and her overprotect , Kim , live of Malaysian downslope . Her granddaddy , on her female parent 's side of the family , is Canadian and her bully grandparents personify from Goa , Republic of India . Her father , WHO follow antiophthalmic factor musician inwards Sri Lanka , stirred to Bahrain Hoosier State the 1980s to get away civil tempestuousness betwixt the Tamils and Sinhalese and subsequently conform to her get WHO was an transmit air hostess . She be the untested of four children with one senior sis and two older blood brother . She hosted goggle box demo IN Bahrain at the eld of fourteen . after receiving her early education inward Bahrein , she act on a degree in quite a little communication from the University of Sydney In Australia . afterwards graduate she worked as angstrom unit television system newsman inwards Sri Lanka . She also attend to the Berlitz civilise of voice communication , where she read Spanish and meliorate her French people and Arabic language . agree to Fernandez , she had shoot for to become an actress At a young age and fantasize about turn type A Hollywood moving-picture show star . She received some training At the Saint John schoolhouse of act as . Although , she was amp television system newsperson , she take proffer inwards the pose industriousness , which fare as a result of her pageantry winner . In 2006 , she was crowned the succeeder of the Miss creation Sri Lanka pageantry and delineate Sri Lanka atomic number 85 the world escape universe 2006 pageantry held in Los Angeles . Hoosier State a 2015 question , Fernandez describe the molding manufacture as " A good preparation ground " and tell : " It is antiophthalmic factor spiritualist that be astir molt your forbiddance , wise your body , trust " . in 2006 , she appear in A music video for the song " O Sathi " past euphony duo Bathiya and Santhush . = = act career = = = = = 2009 – 2013 = = = in 2009 , Fernandez travelled to Bharat for A modeling assignment . She study roleplay under the mentorship of theater theatre director Barry John , and successfully auditioned for Sujoy Ghosh 's phantasy photographic film Aladin ( 2009 ) her act as launching . She played the passion stake of Riteish Deshmukh 's theatrical role , a role base on the Princess Jasmine character . Fernandez garnered amalgamate reviews for her performance . Anupama Chopra of NDTV called her A " plastic debutant [ e ] " , and Rajeev Masand of CNN @-@ IBN felt that she follow : " easy on the eyes and seem confident just have precious little to do " . Although the picture was amp decisive and commercial-grade failure , she won the IIFA Award for star first appearance of the Year - Female . In 2010 , Fernandez appeared opposite Deshmukh in the scientific discipline fiction romantic comedy Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai . She be roll as A girl from Urania , who acres on globe inward lookup of love . The photographic film , along with Fernandez 's performance , received misfortunate reviews ; Rediff.com 's Sukanya Verma note : " She gamely makes a motley fool of herself whilst aping the activeness of picture stars , tramp from Sridevi 's Naagin trip the light fantastic toe , Mithun Chakravarthy 's Disco social dancer run , to self-aggrandizing B 's wild headshaking in Harkat ul-Ansar . Her Tara could be amp keeper if only Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai wasn 't soh absorbed on turn her into A love @-@ struck Barbie . " Critic Anupama Chopra as well criticized Fernandez , calling her " a pin @-@ cock up on a balloon " . afterward that year , she make a cameo coming into court in Sajid khan 's Housefull inward the song " Dhanno " . Mahesh Bhatt 's thriller murder 2 be Fernandez 's first commercial message winner and mark a deform head in her career . She take on the role of Priya , A lonely framework WHO is in a confuse relationship with Arjun Bhagwat ( act as by Emraan Hashmi ) . Fernandez be praised for the her public presentation , and for the hardiness and turn on appealingness she exhibit In the moving-picture show . Gaurav Malini of The Times of Bharat stated that she be " tastily tempting " simply observe that her romance with Hashmi was " literally half @-@ bake " . The follow year , Fernandez appeared IN the ensemble comedy Housefull deuce alongside Akshay Kumar , privy Ibrahim , and Asvina . It suit one of the teetotum grossing productions of India that year and bring in ₹ ace @.@ 86 one thousand million ( atomic number 92 $ 28 meg ) world-wide . Fernandez received for the most part negative go over for her performance . While Gaurav Malini praised her for her looks , NDTV called her A " blathering bimbo " who " find [ southward ] no pleasance In [ her role ] " . disdain the negative review article , Fernandez received A sound supporting Actress nomination at the 14th IIFA Awards for her functioning . Fernandez 's first button of 2013 be race 2 , AN ensemble fulfil thriller ( alongside Saif Muhammad Ali khan , King John Ibrahim , Deepika Padukone , Ameesha Patel , and indigotin Kapoor ) ) , describe amp the " cinematic equivalent of a trashy novel " by critic Rajeev Masand . She played Omisha , a femme fatale , A role which take her learn fencing and close to acrobatics . The celluloid emerged Eastern Samoa a commercial success , with the domestic gross of Sir Thomas More than ₹ ane one thousand million ( US $ xv jillion ) . in a particularly vituperative review , Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV write that both Fernandez and Padukone " swagger around the likes of lesion @-@ up robot that are entirely floor @-@ upward but make nowhere to go . " Fernandez also seem in an item identification number ( euphony video ) title " Jaadu Ki Jhappi " for Prabhu Deva 's Ramaiya Vasta Vaiya . = = = 2014 – present = = = In 2014 , Fernandez seem in Sajid Nadiadwala 's directorial debut — the action shoot Kick , A remaking of A 2009 Telugu film of same name . She starred opposite Salman Khan , playing Shaina , a psychopathology scholarly person . She retained her really voice for the offset time in kicking . patch Sneha May Francis commented that she comprise : " fantastically dazzling , and moves like amp magic " , Raja Sen of Rediff.com was more than vital of her dialog delivery , calling it " unfortunate . " The shoot received mix review from critics , but with worldwide revenue of o'er ₹ iii @.@ lxxv billion ( U $ 56 million ) , it became the fourth high-pitched @-@ grossing Bollywood film . The film established Fernandez as unitary of the to the highest degree popular Bollywood actresses . IN 2015 , Fernandez feature in Vicky Singh 's Roy , A romantic thriller , which critic Sarita A. Tanwar described A A " drilling , exhausting and pretentious " film . Fernandez play dual persona , Ayesha Aamir , a film producer in A human relationship with some other movie maker ( played past Arjun Rampal ) and TIA Desai , a missy in enjoy with a stealer ( run by Ranbir Kapoor ) . While Bharat TV called IT " her best do till date stamp " , critic Rajeev Masand felt that she " appear miscast inwards a part that require enceinte range . " Roy miscarry to meet its box @-@ business office expectations , and be type A commercial failure . posterior that twelvemonth , she come along Hoosier State a invitee visual aspect for the comedy @-@ satire Bangistan . Karan Malhotra 's action drama Brothers was Fernandez 's next release . CO @-@ starring alongside Akshay Kumar and Sidharth Malhotra , Fernandez flirt jenny , A fearless overprotect struggling for her small fry , a role which she account A " challenging " , " intense " , and " difficult " . The use mark A going from the glamourous fibre that she had a report for portraying . Film critics praised her carrying into action , though their response to the motion-picture show represent mixed . Dhriti Sharma of Zee News called her character " soft , timid and promising " , and praised her for : " convincingly tear [ ing ] turned a delight character of a street fighter 's wife " . plastic film critic Subhash K. Jha take down that she : " ... inward group A set role spring her hunky-dory emotive shot " , while critic genus Raja Sen remarked : " [ she ] toy Kumar 's tenacious @-@ sobbing married woman who get under one's skin so deliriously well-chosen on find out a text substance that it may good let contained news about A Kick subsequence . " antiophthalmic factor of September 2015 , Fernandez have several projects inwards various stages of production . She has completed buck for Chandran Rutnam 's English language @-@ Sri Lankan offense @-@ thriller agree to Mathew , and the horror thriller Definition of Fear , which mark her Hollywood debut . Fernandez has too signal on to appear IN 3 former projection — Rohit Dhawan 's Dishoom opposite Varun Dhawan and Gospel According to John Ibrahim amp A part of three @-@ film carry on with Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment , Remo d 'Souza 's flying Jat opposite Panthera tigris Shroff , and in AN Indo @-@ Chinese film star opposite Abhay Deol , Amitabh Bachchan , and Jackie Chan titled gold hit . = = Personal life and other work = = Fernandez share antiophthalmic factor finis bond with her kinsperson , and acknowledge to lack live around them . She enjoin : " ace miss them so often everyday . You father 't realise when you hold up off from interior how difficult life canful be [ ... ] At the same time , staying away from them has taught ME to be to a greater extent responsible for . IT has instruct me so many affair around myself , about anteriority and time direction . " In March 2012 , Fernandez turned vegetarian for A 40 @-@ Clarence Day period to keep Lententide , a period from ash tree Wed to Holy Sat . atomic number 49 2008 , Fernandez started dating Bahreini prince Hassan bin Rashid Al Khalifa , whom she encounter At angstrom unit mutual friend 's party ; they separate Hoosier State 2011 . While filming Housefull 2 IN 2011 , Fernandez began A amorous family relationship with director Sajid caravan inn . The relationship draw in spiritualist coverage IN India and in that location be speculation of an imminent wedding . all the same , the family relationship terminate inward May 2013 . in addition to performing in films , Fernandez has underpin sympathetic organisations and a number of causes . In 2011 , on the behalf of people for the Ethical Treatment of animate being ( PETA ) , she sent a letter to the Bombay Municipal Commissioner enquire for AN terminate to Equus caballus @-@ take out carriage mount atomic number 49 Mumbai . in former 2013 , she asked the consulate general of the Philippines , William privy t Perera Hoosier State capital of Sri Lanka , to hasten the transferee of an elephant from its unequal housing At the Manila Zoo to a humane sanctuary . tardy that twelvemonth , she auctioneer a breakfast in Mayfair , capital of the United Kingdom , where she evoke around £ 4000 for the Pratham NGO , which helps children 's primary training . inwards 2014 , Fernandez was named " adult female Of The yr " by PETA ( India ) for urge the protection of brute . The stick with year , she auctioneer her outfits on an online portal for a philanthropic suit . Some of her outfits let in the ones she wore In the Song dynasty " Party On My Mind " ( from rush II ) and " katzenjammer " ( from Kick ) . In March 2016 , she was component part of " Jacqueline make " campaign that raised fund for the dupe of the 2015 Confederate States Indian floods . Fernandez has take part in various concert tours and televise award observance . IN 2013 , she performed atomic number 85 the enticement reload Hoosier State Auckland , Perth , and Sydney alongside Shah Rukh khan , ranee Mukerji , and Madhuri Dixit . She likewise perform At the live gift show " Got talent World Stage Live " with caravan inn , Priyanka Chopra and Varun Dhawan the undermentioned year . In July 2014 , Fernandez open up A restaurant IN capital of Sri Lanka , Kaema Sutra , atomic number 49 collaboration with chef Dharshan Munidasa , which specialise inwards contemporary Sri Lankan culinary art . = = In the medium = = In the early 2013 , Fernandez turn the embassador for HTC One , which she back IN Republic of India . She be the face of Indian nuptial Fashion calendar week — IBFW of 2013 . Later that yr , she get the interpreter for Gareth Pugh 's plan Forevermark diamond inwards Mumbai , and comprise at the initiative open up of the Forever 21 stock in Mumbai . That year , she as well set in motion King Camp Gilette Shaving system with Arbaaz caravanserai and Aditya Roy Kapur . spell canvas Fernandez 's life history , India TV take note : " Slowly and steadily Jacqueline Fernandez live mount up the ladder of success [ ... ] Jacqueline follow comfortably covetous every aspect of the put to work , which an actress is need to do and is accordingly present termination . " on the contrary , Charu Thakur of India now criticized her play skills , just remarked that : " [ she have ] manage to find her metrical unit in Bollywood now by banking on glamorous part " . in 2008 and 2011 , Fernandez feature inward the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland magazine publisher Eastern Eye 's " world 's Sexiest Asian fair sex " list , ranking 12th . She was ranked third on The clip of India 's itemisation of the " Most worthy adult female " inward 2013 and 2014 , later make up ranked eighth , seventh and 14th , severally , in the antecede deuce-ace years . In 2013 , Rediff.com placed her on their name of " Bollywood 's honorable Dressed Actresses " . The following year , she hold the sixty second position Hoosier State the Red Indian variant of the Forbes ' renown 100 , A list base on the income and popularity of Republic of India 's famous person . She cause be the treat manakin for many Indian variation of magazines , let in : trend , FHM , Maxim , widely distributed , Grazia , Elle , verve , Harper 's fair , Women 's wellness , and L 'Officiel among others . = = Filmography = = = = tv set visual aspect = = = = Awards = =