St Nazaire is the operation of Royal Navy.
St Nazaire is the operation of British Commandos.
St Nazaire is the operation of Combined Operations Department.
Tirpitz is the route of English Channel.
Tirpitz is the route of Giuk Gap.
Tirpitz is the route of Atlantic Coast.
Hms Campbeltown is the attack of Normandie Dock Gate.
Battle Of Denmark is the participant of German Ships Bismarck.
Battle Of Denmark is the participant of Prinz Eugen.
Battle Of Denmark is the participant of British Ships Hms Prince Of Wales.
Battle Of Denmark is the participant of Hood.
British Naval Intelligence Division is the collaboration of Royal Navy.
British Naval Intelligence Division is the collaboration of Air Forces.
Port is the installation of Tirpitz.
Port is the installation of Saint-Nazare.
Old Mole Jetty is the relation of Southern Pier Of The D'Art.
Old Mole Jetty is the target of Normandie Dock.
Old Mole Jetty is the target of Bassin De Saint-Napoleon.
Old Mole Jetty is the target of Pumping Equipment.
Old Mole Jetty is the target of Vessels Of Boats And Ships.
Sand Banks is the location of River.
River is the location of Docks.
Docks is the location of Channel.
Minefields is the information source of Enigma-Decryption.
Minefields is the information source of Luftwaffe Patrols.
Air Forces Special Interest In Intelligence is the operation of Commandos.
Commandos is the operation of Crew.
Campbeltown is the transport of Old Mole Jetty.
Kings is the relation of Buchanan.
Kings is the relation of President Of The United States.
Royal Navy is the commander of Admiral Carl Ryder.
Naval Commander is the hierarchy of Lieutenant-Colonel.
Admiral Carl Ryder is the commander of Robert Ryder.
Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Ryder is the commander of Robert Ryder.
Lieutenant Colonel Michael Wynn is the commander of Hms Sturgeon.
Special Service Brigade Headquarters is the participant of Robert Ryder.
Major William Copland is the defend of Campbeltown.
Major William Copland is the destroy of Old Entry.
Major William Copland is the defend of Submarine Base.
Captain Bill Pritchard is the assist of Great Western Railway.
Captain Bill Pritchard is the assist of Cardiff Docks.
General Kapitan Zur See Edo Dieckmann is the defend of St. Louis.
George Schulz stations Port.
Herbert Sohler stations Port.
Falmouth is the departure of Cornwall.
Falmouth is the departure of March 26, 1942.
George Schulz stations Falmouth.
Sohler stations Falmouth.
Saint-Napoleon is the defense of Lorient.
Hms Cleveland is the join convy of Hms Brocklesby.
Ml 341 abandons Abandoned.
Submarine Sturgeon is the guide convy of Sea.
Atherstone is the sea patrol of Tynedale.
Harbour Master answers Number 314.
Captain answers Harbour Master.
Roy uses Light Steamer.
Sgt. Don Randall uses Light Steamer.
Roy secures Bridge.
Sgt. Don Randall secures Bridge.
Roy is the enabled departure of Prisoners.
Sgt. Don Randall is the enabled departure of Prisoners.
Capt Bob Montgomery is the withdrew of Demolition Teams.
Lt Corran Purdon is the withdrew of Demolition Teams.
Lt Col Newman reachs Shore.
Ml captains Captain.
Ml reachs Spain.
Captain lands Campbeltown.
Men reachs Spain.
Men returns England.
Commandos reachs Spain.
Ml_177 is the drew fire of German.
Ryder is the checked of Campbeltown.
Jaguar transfers Atherstone.
Scraper 88 is the crashed of Sea.
Raf Bristol Beaufighter is the crashed of Sea.
Aircraft transfers Atherstone.
Aircraft transfers Atherstone.
Atlantic Weather becomes German Menace.
German Menace concerns Naval Division.
Naval Division orders Crews.
Crews waits Destroyers.
Mls. 160 returns Town.
Mls. 307 returns Town.
Mls. 443 returns Town.
Mtb 74 explodes Sea.
German Hq joins Captured Comrades.
Dock throws Order.
Organization throws Debris.
Cemetery locates Saint-Napoleon.
Torpedoes explodes Old Entrance To The Basin.
Torpedoes explodes Town.
Town searchs Commandos.
Town kills Commandos.
Germans uses Concrete.
Germans is the rely on of Gun-Emplacements.
Germans is the rely on of Bunkers.
Hitler reports Albert Speer.
Hitler orders Bunkers.
St. Nazaire presents Medals.
Flint memorializes Royal Navy Sailors.
Line makes Fortification.
Fortification makes Naval Captain.