Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the senior officer of New Zealand Army.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the recipient of Victoria Cross.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the recipient of British Commonwealth.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the military experience of Lieutenant-General.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the service period of Western Front.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the commissioned officer of England.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey joins New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the membership of New Zealand Staff Corps.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the commander of Wellington Fortress.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the commander of 22Nd Battalion.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the leadership of Greece.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the leadership of Crete.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the leadership of North African Campaign.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the exchange program of British India.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the employment of Railways Department.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the membership of Territorial Army.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the participation of Somme Front.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the participation of Battle Of Flers-Courcelette.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the promotion of Corporal.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the participation of Battle Of Messines.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the participation of Battle Of Passchendaele.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the engagement of La Basseville.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the attack target of Machine-Gun Post.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the strategy of Flanking Attack.
Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey is the participation of Battle Of Flers-Monsieur.
André captures New Zealanders.
André captures Germans.
André is the married of Bessie Ball.
André discharges Nzef.
André joins New Zealand Army.
André appoints 22Nd Battalion.
André is the formation location of Trentham Military Camp.
André is the near of Wellington.
André visits Egypt.
André visits Greece.
André is the battle location of Crete.
André defends Maleme.
André loses He.
Andrew is the married of Bessie Ball.
Bessie Ball is the parent of Five Children.
Bessie Ball is the parent of One.
Andrew is the commander of Commander Of The 22Nd Battalion.
Andrew is the commander of Commander Of The 5Th Infantry Brigade.
Commander Of The 5Th Infantry Brigade is the temporary commander of Brigadier James Hargest.
Andrew is the commander of Brigade Commander.
Brigade Commander promotes Colonel.
Colonel is the commander of Fortress Of Wellington.