Trees is the author of Jeremy Kilmer.
Trees publishs Poetry Magazine.
Trees publishs August Magazine.
Trees includes Kilmer'S 1914 Collection Of Trees And Other Poems.
Critics is the criticism target of Kilmer.
Scholars is the criticism target of Kilmer.
Dane Davenport is the criticism target of Kilmer.
Kilmer mentions Oscar Rasbach.
Kilmer mentions Nelson Eddy.
Kilmer mentions Robert Merrill.
Kilmer mentions Paul Robeson.
Kilmer mentions Dane Davenport.
Kenton Kilmer is the son of of Kilmer.
Alex Michelini discovers Deuinger Library.
Miriam Kilmer donates Deuinger Library.
Joyce Kilmer interviews Kilmer.
Kilmer writes Trees.
Kilmer is the depicts as female of God.
Trees looks God.
Trees raises God.
Trees mentions Winchell.
Trees mentions Barbara Garlitz.
Trees mentions Jervenport.
Trees mentions Rick Hampson.
Trees praises Professor Garlitz.
Trees knows Jervenport.
Trees knows Rickhampson.
Trees critiques Aiken.
Trees critiques Eliot.
Trees critiques Ezra Pound.
Swanzey locates New Hampshire.
Rupert associates South Bend Conservatory.
Rupert associates South Bend, Indiana.
Rupert associates Rupert University.
Rupert inspires Kilmer.
Kilmer reports New York Times.
God is the creation of Trees.
Arbor Day stars Carl Switzer.
Arbor Day stars Fred Waring.
Arbor Day plays Alfalfa.
Carl Switzer plays Alfalfa.
Alfalfa is the dialogue with of Spanky.
Spanky is the dialogue with of George Mcfarland.
God is the comparison of Gymnasium Equipment.
Labor And Childhood is the comparison of God.
Labor And Childhood mentions Fools.
Victor Borge is the reference of Dog In The Window.
Victor Borge is the performance of Trees.
Henk Van Der Vliet is the influence of Christina Rossetti.
Henk Van Der Vliet is the influence of Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Henk Van Der Vliet is the influence of Kilmer.
Henk Van Der Vliet is the influence of Matthew Prior.
Henk Van Der Vliet is the influence of Sir John Suckling.
Ogden Nash is the comparison of Trees.
Merton is the attribution of Jesus Killer.
Merton is the reference of Trees.
Lex Luthor portrays Gene Hackman.
Lex Luthor is the interaction of John Hollis.