Zygoballus Sexpunctatus finds Southeastern United States.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus finds Grassy Habitats.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus describes Nicholas Marcellus Hentz.
Z. Sexpunctatus describes Hentz.
Hentz collects North-Central America.
Robert And Betty Barnes describes Southern Piedmont.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus emerges West Tennessee.
Spiders Of Zygoballus Sexpunctatus hibernates Winter.
1986 Ncaa Division 1 Ncaa Championship is the final contest of Virginia Tech.
1986 Ncaa Division 1 Ncaa Championship is the final contest of North Carolina State University.
Vintage Zygoballus Sexpunctatus Emenum emerges West Tennessee.
Vintage Zygoballus Sexpunctatus Emenum hibernates Winter.
Virginia Tech is the won of Bowl Victory.
Virginia Tech achieves School History.
Hokies competes North Carolina State University.
Hokies competes Wolf Pack.
Chris Kinzer kicks Field Goal.
Peach Bowl establishs Atlanta Lions Club.
Peach Bowl is the initially played at of Grant Field.
Peach Bowl is the initially played at of Georgia Tech.
Peach Bowl moves Fulton County Stadium.
Ncaa Regulations stipulates Lottery.
Ncaa Regulations stipulates Tickets.
Peach Bowl establishs Memphis Lions Club.
Peach Bowl attracts Visitor.
Peach Bowl threatens Contract.
Peach Bowl receives Kroner.
Peach Bowl increases Attendance.
Peach Bowl signs Television Contract.
Peach Bowl distributes Prize Money.
Peach Bowl is the no contract of Football Clubs.
Peach Bowl is the successor of Pom-Pom-Pom.
Executive Director encourages Memphis Lions Club.
Peach-Bowl is the initially played at of Grant Field.
Peach-Bowl is the initially played at of Georgia Tech.
Peach-Bowl moves Fulton County Stadium.
Peach-Bowl stipulates Ncaa Regulations.
Peach-Bowl is the sent of Tickets.
Peach-Bowl signs Contract.
Peach-Bowl receives Kroner.
Peach-Bowl increases Attendance.
Peach-Bowl signs Television Contract.
Peach-Bowl distributes Prize Money.
Peach-Bowl is the no contract of Football Clubs.
Peach-Bowl is the successor of Pom-Pom-Pom.
Peach-Bowl encourages Executive Director.
Peach-Bowl establishs Lions Club.
Peach-Bowl attracts Visitor.
Peach-Bowl threatens Contract.
Hokies plays South Carolina.
Hokies visits Norfolk.
Hokies plays Owls.
Hokies plays Cincinnati Bearcats.
Hokies plays Vanderbilt.
Hokies participates Peach Bowl.
Hokies participates Pope.
Hokies plays Nc State.
Nc State visits Charlottesville.
Nc State plays Virginia Cavaliers.
Dooley is the coached of Virginia Tech.
Erik Kramer rushs Maurice Williams.
Erik Kramer passs Eddie Hunter.
Nikolai Chapman leads Derrick Taylor.
Tech is the possession of Hokies.
Hokies is the possession of State.
Hokies scores Eddie Hunter.
Kinzer is the touchdown pass of Nasrallah Worthen.
State is the touchdown pass of Erik Kramer.
Cadets is the possess of Ball.
Cadets is the oppose of Nc State.
Cadets is the move to of 10 Yard Line.
Cadets is the occur of Wrestling.
Mufflers is the achieve of Three First Downs.
Mufflers is the reach of Nc State Territory.
Mufflers is the perform of Pass.
Mufflers is the assist of Former Spouse.
Nc State is the oppose of Wolf Pack.
Nc State is the oppose of Wolf Pack.
Nc State is the oppose of Wolf Pack.
Reporter is the inquire of Third Quarter.
Cadets is the move to of 11Th Parallel.
Cadets is the start of Game.
Cadets is the move to of Field.
Cadets is the achieve of Short Gains.
Cadets is the achieve of Long Ones.
Cadets is the achieve of Three First Downs.
Cadets is the reach of Nc State Territory.
Cadets is the perform of Pass.
Cadets is the assist of Ex-Wife.
Nc State is the oppose of Wolf Pack.
Nc State is the oppose of Wolf Pack.
Nc State is the oppose of Wolf Pack.
Tech is the achieve of Third.
Tech is the move to of State Line.
Tech is the sack of Quarterback Chapman.
Tech is the assist of Virginia Tech.
Virginia Tech is the move to of One-Yard Line.
Williams is the move to of End Zone.
Williams is the occupy of 33 Seconds.
Wolf Pack haves Lead.
Wolf Pack is the attempt of Two-Point Conversion.
Wolf Pack haves Offensive Player.
Wolf Pack haves Eight-Yard Pass.
Wolf Pack participates Contest.
Wolf Pack is the move to of 17Th Degree.
Wolf Pack is the move to of 20Th Degree.
Wolf Pack is the move to of 32Nd Degree.
Wolf Pack is the occur of Fumble.
Wolf Pack is the occur of Second Attempt.
Hokies is the send to of Mike Cofer.
Hokies is the attempt of 33-Yard Kick.
Hokies runs Mal Crite.
Hokies is the move to of Tech 47-Yard Line.
Hokies is the send to of Nasrallah Worthen.
Hokies is the send to of Bobby Crumpler.
Hokies is the perform of Fake Punt.
Hokies is the call of Timeout.
Hokies is the send to of Kratom.
Hokies is the perform of 18 M. - * Yard Pass.
Hokies is the achieve of Second Down.
Hokies is the send to of David Everett.
Hokies is the occur of Duels.
Maurice Williams is the receive aid of Athletic Trainers.
Chris Kinzer kicks Inside Line.
Dick Sheridan is the ice player of Chris Kinzer.
Mal Crite is the ran with of Ball.
Ira Hefter announces Fruit Bowl.