Church Of Saint Mary locates Nether Alderley.
Church Of Saint Mary locates Cheshire.
Church Of Saint Mary locates England.
Church Of Saint Mary designates Grade I-Listed Building.
Church Of Saint Mary designates National Monument.
Church Of Saint Mary builds Gothic Style.
Church Of Saint Mary associates Stanley Family.
Church Of Saint Mary is the part of of Diocese Of Chester.
Church Of Saint Mary is the part of of Archdeaconry Of Macclesfield.
Church Of Saint Mary is the part of of Deanery Of Knutsford.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Tower.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Pew.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Font.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Gallery.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Monuments.
Church Of Saint Mary adds Clerestory.
Church Of Saint Mary is the predecessor of of Timbered Church.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Dormer Window.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Buttress.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Mouldings.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Balusters.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Three-Quarter-Light Window.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Lanterns.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Bellcote.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Grooves.
Church Of Saint Mary is the features of Arrows.
Dormer Window locates North Aisle.
Dormer Window locates South Side.
Straight Buttress is the supports of Tower.
14Th-Century Balusters locates West Wall.
Lanterns locates South Side.
Four-Storied Nave locates Tower.
North Aisle locates Four-Storied Nave.
South Aisle locates Four-Storied Nave.
Chancel locates Four-Storied Nave.
Vestry locates North Aisle.
Vestry locates South Aisle.
Memorial is the memorializes of Edward Stanley.
Memorial is the memorializes of John Stewart.
Memorial is the memorializes of Rev..
Memorial is the memorializes of Richard Westmacott.
Memorial is the memorializes of Irene Dunlop.
Memorial is the memorializes of Edward John Bell.
Effigy is the depicts of Edward Stanley.
Dog is the depicts of Edward Stanley.
Stained Glass creates Irene Dunlop.
Stained Glass creates William Wailes.
Stained Glass creates Morris And Co..
Stained Glass creates Clayton And Bell.
Stained Glass donates Greg.
Paul Phipps designs St. Mary'S.
Jacobarian Style is the architectural style of St. Mary'S.
St. Mary'S haves North-Front.
North-Front haves Three-Light Door.
North-Front haves Three-Light Window.
Three-Light Door is the above of Stanley Crest.
Three-Light Window is the at top of Date Plate.
Kerridge Stone uses St. Mary'S.
Sandstone uses St. Mary'S.
Railing uses St. Mary'S.
St. Mary'S is the contains of Six Coffins.
Six Coffins is the contains of First Steward Of Stanley.
Six Coffins is the contains of Second Steward Of Stanley.
Six Coffins is the contains of Wives.