Fort locates Semaphore Park.
Fort constructs Governor General Sir William Jervois.
Fort constructs Lieutenant Colonel Peter Scratchley.
Colonists involves Crimean War.
Colonists is the potential targets of of Russian Fleet.
Colonists bases Siberia.
Governor Henry Young appoints National Council.
Governor Henry Young is the supervised commission of of Lieutenant-General Jacob.
British Empire threatens Colonists.
Fort locates Glanville.
Fort locates 457 Mm Gauge Steam Train.
Fort locates National Railway Museum.
Fort locates South Australia.
Fort locates Commonwealth.
Governor Gawai'Er appoints Volunteer Brigade.
Volunteer Brigade grants Royal Title.
South Africa establishs Army.
Army consists Volunteers.
Army locates South Africa.
Captain Parkin belongs Hms Falcon.
Captain Parkin provides Coast.
Sir William Wisdomman is the commander of of Australian Station.
Sir William Wisdomman provides Coast.
South African Government is the sent request to of War Office.
Semaphore features Wharf.
Semaphore is the gateway of Passengers.
Semaphore is the gateway of Mail.
Semaphore is the foundation of Force.
Semaphore is the foundation of Reserve.
Semaphore is the gateway of Town.
Semaphore is the gateway of Adelaide.
Rifle Squadrons establishs Semaphore.
Artillery Squadron establishs Semaphore.
Government establishs Commission.
Commission establishs Force.
Commission establishs Reserve.
Risk influences Smaller Force.
Risk influences Larger Force.
Town counts Townspeople.
Fort builds Glanville Hall.
Fort builds Point Malcom.
Fort protects Adelaide.
Fort protects Semaphore.
Fort constructs Batteries.
Batteries contracts John Robb.
Batteries contracts Kapunda.
Batteries contracts South Africa.
Fort designs John Hart.
Fort Glanville is the contractor of John Robb.
Fort Glanville is the assistance of Port-Arcy.
Fort Glanville is the officer of Charles Moritz.
Fort Glanville is the officer of Joseph Malay.
Fort Glanville is the officer of General Gordon.
Fort Glanville accompanys Queen Elizabeth.
Visitor Center is the connects of Fort Gates.
Fort Gates is the visible near of Old Road.
Military Road prepares Soldiers.
Brick Wall is the improves of Defense.
Masonry Wall is the improves of Defense.
Icefield pushs Fort.
Sand Mining results Fort.
Sand Mining results Caravan Park.
Icefield occurs Leveled And Filled.
Double Doors is the entrance to of Gate.
Rampart is the runs under of Prefecture.
Railing builds Dogleg.
Caponier haves Rifle Firing Platforms.
Caponier guards Glacis.
Guardhouse is the runs under of Rampart.
Barracks haves Gun-Fire-Holes.
Barracks stretchs South West Of Fort.
Barracks links Tunnel.
Iron Shutters hinges Inside.
Iron Shutters locks Timber.
Balcony faces Parade.
Balcony keeps Weather.
Balcony covers Shutters.
Balcony restores Restored.
Barracks haves Gun-Holes.
Barracks haves Tunnel.
Iron Shutters locks Wood.
Balcony covers Iron Shutters.
Balcony covers Wooden Shutters.
Footpath is the runs from of Prefecture.
Footpath is the runs along of Prefecture.
Barracks connects Magazines.
Magazines connects South Guns.
Caponier haves Gun Platforms.
Caponier guards Glaciers.
Guard-House converts Ablution Building.
Munitions Store is the between of Stockade.
Munitions Store is the between of Rear Wall.
20 Ton Guns chooses Jervois.
Munitions Store is the between of Hut.
Guard-House converts Hospital.
Fort converts Caravan Park.
Troops is the occupation of Fort.
Fort is the placement of Brougham Gardens.
Fort is the placement of North Adelaide.
Guns is the placement of Fort.
Council is the placement of Fort.
Guns is the placement of Brougham Gardens.
Guns is the placement of North Adelaide.
Fort is the origin of South Australia.
Ammunition is the availability of Fort.
Instruction is the usage of Fort.
General John Bliss reports Fort.
General James Bevan Edwards reports Fort.
General John Bliss halts Third Coastal Fort.
General John Bliss halts Third Coastal Fort.
General John Bliss scuttles Third Coastal Fort.
General John Bliss is the defense focus of Adelaide Coast.
Fort Glanville arms Fort Glanville.
Fort Glanville diminishs Fort Glanville.
Gleelg abandons Fort Glanville.
Fort Glanville rescues Maldives.
Ship rescues Wallaroo.
Dhow scraps Dhow.
Fort Glanville is the temporarily filled of Refugees.
Fort Glanville is the temporarily filled of Refugees.
Fort Glanville is the residence used by of Families.
State Government negotiates Fort Glanville.
Federal Government negotiates Fort Glanville.
Fort Glanville rents Visitors.
Fort Glanville sells Tourist Department.
Fort Glanville establishs Tourist Camp.
National Parks And Wildlife Service administers Fort Glanville.
Woodville Council administers Fort Glanville.
1988 Council administers Fort Glanville.
Fort Glanville transfers Department Of Forestation.
Fort Glanville designates Fort Glanville Conservation Park.
Maldives rescues Ship.
Ship is the en route to of Wallaroo.
Guns sells Scrap.
Project involves Guns.
Project involves Fort.
Fort uses Families.
Fort renovates Barracks.
Fort replaces Visitor Center.
Fort opens Visitor Center.
Fort visits Visitor Center.
Fort fires 64-Pounder Cannons.
Fort fires 2-Pounder Cannons.
Fort visits Queen Elizabeth Ii.
Fort demonstrates Historical Association.
Fort names Lady Elizabeth Ii Walk.
Governor De Roma Mitchell names Lady Elizabeth Ii Walk.
Fort opens Railway.