Jifna locates Ramallah.
Jifna locates Al-Q-Marreh.
Jifna locates Palestine River.
Jifna locates Jerusalem.
Jifna is the majority religion since 6th century ce of Christian.
Jifna is the formerly known as of Gophnah.
Jifna is the ruins are tourist attraction of St. George’S Church.
Jifna appoints Jabi Na Im Kamil.
Church locates Jifna.
Church destroys Ayyubids.
Edward Robinson visits Jifna.
Castle builds Jifna.
Burj Jifna uses Jifna.
Ibrahim Pasha seizes Jifna.
League Of Nations controls Jifna.
United Nations establishs Jifna.
St. George'S Church is the adjacent to of Jifna.
World War I defeats Ottomans.
British Soldiers defeats Ottomans.
Arab Soldiers defeats Ottomans.
Jewish State forms United Nations.
Arab State forms United Nations.
Jordan Valley connects Mediterranean Seacoast.
Jifna connects Ramallah-East-Nablus Highway.
Jifna is the nearby location of Aa Aash.
Jifna is the nearby location of Beitin.
Jifna is the nearby location of Ein Yabrud.
Jifna is the nearby location of Atara.
Jifna is the nearby location of Birzeit.
Jifna is the climate of Mediterranean Climate.
Jifna is the trade route of Ancient Trade Routes.
Ancient Trade Routes is the connects of Jordan Valley.
Ancient Trade Routes is the connects of Mediterranean Sea.
Jifna reserves Residential Buildings.
Jifna plants Olives.
Jifna plants Apricots.
Jifna is the ruins testify to of Church.
Church exists Christian Community.
Church exists Muslim Conquest.
Jifna identifys Refugees.
Refugees is the belong to of Palestinian Peoples.
Jifna affects Israeli Checkpoints.
Jifna affects West Bank Barrier.
Jifna affects Palestinian Territories.
Jifna is the home to of Jifna Women'S Society.
Jifna Women'S Society is the offers of Health Services.
Jifna Women'S Society is the offers of Recreational Activities.
Jifna Women'S Society is the beneficiary of of Women.
Jifna Women'S Society is the beneficiary of of Children.
Jifna is the offers activities of Ladies' Club Of Jifna.
Jifna is the offers activities of Ladies' Society Of Jifna.
Village Council is the chairman of Chairman.
Village Council is the decision maker of Prime Minister.
People gathers West Bank.
West Bank celebrates Harvest.
Jabi Na Im Kamil wins Badil.
Jabi Na Im Kamil elects Badil.
Rabbana Municipality governs Village Council.
People gathers West Bank.
People celebrates West Bank.
Jabi Na Im Kamil wins Badil.
School Staff comprises Teachers.
School Staff comprises Nuns.
Teachers comprises Kindergarten Teachers.
Students is the commute daily to of Ramallah.
Students is the commute daily to of University.