The Feast Of The Goat is the author of Mario Vargas Llosa.
The Feast Of The Goat is the central character of Rafael Trujillo.
The Feast Of The Goat is the central character of Urania Cabral.
Jorge Ali Triana is the collaborator of Veronica Triana.
Governor is the name change of Victim.
Julie Sellers is the conceptualization as beast of Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina.
Stephan Rop is the conceptualization as beast of Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina.
Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina is the father-daughter relationship of Urania.
Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina is the negative interaction of Joaquin Balaguer.
Rafael Leonidas Trujillo Molina is the negative interaction of Johnny Abbes Garcia.
Urania is the father-daughter relationship of Agustin.
Antonio De La Maza is the enemy of Trujillo.
Antonio De La Maza defeats Guanyin.
Antonio De La Maza defeats Cuban Paramilitary Force.
Antonio De La Maza is the conspirator of Imbert.
Imbert is the enemy of Trujillo.
Imbert murders Mirabal Sisters.
Trujillo abuses Women.
Trujillo abuses Children.
Trujillo manipulates Lieutenants.
Trujillo manipulates Ministers.
Trujillo humiliates Enemies.
Trujillo quotes Vargas Llosa.
Trujillo observes Lorenzo.
Trujillo is the possesses of Power.
Trujillo is the possesses of Machismo.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Urania.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Training.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Education.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of United States Marines.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Goal Of The Book.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Atrocities Of The Dictatorship.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Dangers Of Absolute Power.
Marquez Llosa is the mentions of Fictional Element.
Vargas Llosa is the uses of History.
Vargas Llosa is the creates of Fictionalized Account.
Vargas Llosa is the mentions of Folk Colonization.
Vargas Llosa is the mentions of Dominican Republic.
Vargas Llosa is the mentions of Cabral Family.
Vargas Llosa is the mentions of Trujillo Regime.
Vargas Llosa is the mentions of Violence Of The Regime.
Vargas Llosa is the mentions of Bitter Scars.
Vargas Llosa is the invents of Details.
Wolff is the mentions of History.
Wolff is the mentions of Colonization.
Agustin is the depicts of Sacrifices.
Agustin is the depicts of Dictator.
Urania is the depicts of Violence Of The Regime.
Urania is the depicts of Bitter Scars.
Vargas Llosa mentions Michael Wood.
Vargas Llosa mentions Kirn.
Vargas Llosa mentions Sturrock.
Urania Cabral describes Sturrock.
Urania Cabral describes Kirn.
Urania Cabral describes Wood.
Jorge Ali Triana is the family of Veronica Triana.
Jorge Ali Triana directs Veronica Triana.
Jorge Ali Triana adapts Vargas Llosa.
Veronica Triana adapts Vargas Llosa.
Jorge Ali Triana adapts Vargas Llosa.
Bruce Weber criticizes Trujillo.