Polish Culture is the suppression of Occupiers.
Polish Culture is the deaths of Scholars.
Polish Culture is the deaths of Artists.
Polish Culture is the theft and destruction of Cultural Artifacts.
Polish Culture is the preservation and rebuilding of Underground Organizations.
Underground Authorities is the preservation and rebuilding of Cultural Properties.
Underground Authorities is the recovery of Cultural Institutions.
Occupations is the looting and destruction of Poland'S Cultural And Historical Heritage.
Occupations is the persecution and murder of Polonians.
German Government is the evolution of policy of Polish Culture.
German Government is the lack of clear guidelines of German Officials.
German Government is the lack of clear guidelines of Military Officers.
German Government is the agreement on limiting cultural opportunities of Governor-General Hans Frank.
German Government is the agreement on limiting cultural opportunities of Minister Of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels.
German Government is the supervision of cultural activities of Department Of People'S Education And Propaganda.
Department Of People'S Education And Propaganda is the name change of Chief Propaganda Department.
Hans Frank limits Polish People.
Joseph Goebbels limits Polish People.
German Propaganda Specialists seeks Neutral Nations.
German Propaganda Specialists shows Polish People.
German Propaganda Specialists seeks Neutral Nations.
German Propaganda Specialists shows Polish People.
German Propaganda Specialists seeks Neutral Nations.
German Propaganda Specialists shows Polish People.
German Propaganda Specialists seeks Neutral Nations.
Catholic Church affiliates Poland.
Poland is the affected of World War I.
Poland opposes Nazis.
Nazis targets Catholic Church.
Reichsfuhrer orders Jewish Intelligentsia.
Nazis attempts Christianity.
Nazis opposes Poland.
Nazis opposes Germany.
Schools is the location of Krakow.
German Occupation occurs Poland.
Poland haves Krakow.
Poland includes Bezirk Bialystok.
Poland includes Reichskommissariat Ostland.
Poland includes Reichskommissariat Ukraine.
Bezirk Bialystok haves German Minority.
Reichskommissariat Ostland haves German Minority.
Reichskommissariat Ukraine haves German Minority.
German Minority is the supports of German Army.
Polish National Library relates Sejm And Senate Libraries.
Przedziecki Estate relates Zamoysky Estate.
Central Military Library is the contains of Rapperswil Collection.
Jewish Ghettos controls Germans.
Jewish Ghettos is the restrictions lowered for cultural performances of Cinemas.
Jewish Ghettos cancels Theater Performances.
Germans occupys Poland.
Soviet Authorities considers Pre-War Polish State.
Soviet Authorities deports Polish Citizens.
Polish Citizens deports Siberia.
Polish Citizens deports Gulag Concentration Camps.
Polish Citizens is the deaths of Officers.
Katyns kills Officers.
Soviet Authorities seizes Lands.
Soviet Authorities enacts Compulsory Collectivization.
Soviet Authorities confiscates Polish Property.
Soviet Authorities sentences Leaders.
Soviet Authorities persecutes Churches.
Soviet Authorities persecutes Religious Organizations.
Soviet Authorities is the campaign of terror of Nvets.
Nvets targets Anti-Soviet Elements.
Nvets targets Philatelists.
Nvets targets Red Cross Workers.
Nvets targets Refugees.
Nvets targets Smugglers.
Nvets targets Priests.
Nvets targets Members Of Religious Congregations.
Nvets targets Nobility.
Nvets targets Landowners.
Nvets targets Wealthy Merchants.
Nvets targets Bankers.
Nvets targets Industrialists.
Nvets targets Hotel And Restaurant Owners.
Soviets confiscates Polish Property.
Soviets deports Polish Citizens.
Soviets kills Officers.
Officers kills Katyns.
Soviets arrests Philatelists.
Soviets arrests Red Cross Workers.
Soviets arrests Refugees.
Soviets arrests Priests.
Soviets arrests Members Of Religious Congregations.
Soviets arrests Nobility.
Soviets arrests Merchants.
Soviets arrests Banks.
Soviets arrests Industrialists.
Soviets arrests Hotels.
Writers' Association Of The Soviet Ukraine forms Lwow.
Polish Literary Theater locates Lwow.
Radio Station locates Lwow.
Polish Cultural Activities In Minsk supervises Soviets.
Polish Cultural Activities In Wilno supervises Soviets.
Russian Writers' Association Of The Soviet Ukraine forms Lwow.
Russian Writers' Association Of The Soviet Ukraine forms Moscow.
Russian Language And Culture supervises Moscow.
Stefan Kamienski pays Ossolineum.
Zbigniew Mitzner pays Ossolineum.
Secret Society founds Czesaw Wycech.
Secret Society is the headquarters in of Moscow.
Secret Society is the head of of Czesaw Wycech.
Tajna is the headquarters of Moscow.
Tajna is the founder of Czesaw Wycech.
Tajna is the researcher of Wadysaw Tatarkiewicz.
Tajna is the researcher of Zenon Klemensiewicz.
Tajna is the publisher of Jerzy Rutkowski.
Tajna is the subsidiary of Armia Krajowa.
Armia Krajowa is the publishing center of Krakow.
Armia Krajowa publishs Naucho.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Andrzej Nowicki.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Marian Pibecchia.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Jana Maria Gisges.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Halina Goczowa.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Zofia Gorska.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Tadeusz Houj.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Marian Kubicki.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Krzysztof Kamil Baczynski.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Wacaw Berent.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Tadeusz Boy.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Tadeusz Gajcy.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Zuzanna Ginczanka.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Juliusz Kaden Tetmajer.
Armia Krajowa is the publisher of Bruno Schulz.
Secret Council is the member of Jana Maria Gisges.
Secret Council is the member of Halina Goczowa.
Secret Council is the member of Zofia Gorska.
Secret Council is the member of Tadeusz Houj.
Secret Council is the member of Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski.
Secret Council is the member of Marian Kubicki.
Secret Council is the member of Andrzej Nowicki.
Secret Council is the member of Marian Pibecchia.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Karol Adwentowicz.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Elzbieta Barszczewska.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Henryk Borowski.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Wojciech Brydzinski.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Stefan Jaracz.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Tadeusz Kantor.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Tadeusz Kotlarczyk.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Bohdan Korzeniowski.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Jan Kreczmar.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Adam Mularczyk.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Andrzej Pronaszko.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Leon Schiller.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Arnold Szyfman.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Stanisawa Uminska.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Edmund Wiercinska.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Maria Wiercinska.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Karol Wojtyea.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Marian Wyrzykowski.
Jana Maria Gisges is the collaborator of Jerzy Zawieyski.
Halina Goczowa is the collaborator of Andrzej Nowicki.
Halina Goczowa is the collaborator of Marian Pibecchia.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Krzysztof Kamil Baczynski.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Wacaw Berent.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Tadeusz Gajcy.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Zuzanna Ginczanka.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Juliusz Kaden.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Tetmajer.
Zofia Gorska is the collaborator of Bruno Schulz.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Adam Didur.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Zbigniew Drzewiecki.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Jan Ekier.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Barbara Kostrzewski.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Jorgmunt Latoszewski.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Jorgmunt Lefeld.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Jorgmunt Lutoszewski.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Andrzej Panufnik.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Piotr Perkowski.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Edmund Rudnicki.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Eugenia Uminska.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Jorgi Waldorff.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Kazimierz Wikomirski.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Maria Wikomirska.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Bolesaw Woytowicz.
Tadeusz Houj is the collaborator of Mira Ziminska.
Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski is the collaborator of Eryk Lipinski.
Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski is the collaborator of Stanisaw Miedza.
Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski is the collaborator of Stanisaw Ostoja.
Kazimierz Andrzej Jaworski is the collaborator of Konstanty Maria Sopocko.
Marian Kubicki is the collaborator of Antoni Bohdziewich.
Marian Kubicki is the collaborator of Eugenius Lokajski.
Marian Kubicki is the collaborator of Sylwester Braun.
Marian Kubicki is the collaborator of Jerzy Tomaszewski.
Poznan is the sponsorship of German Government.
Imperial Requisition is the administration of Warsaw.
Imperial Requisition is the administration of Krakow.
Imperial Requisition is the administration of Poznan.
Invasion Of Poland is the date of occurrence of August 1944.
Czerwone Maki Na Monte Cassino is the performance of Feliks Konarski.
Czerwone Maki Na Monte Cassino is the performance of Alfredschultz.
Antoni Bohdziewitch is the leadership of Rebels.
Younger Generation is the participation of Rebels.
Norman Davies is the authorship of Rebels.
Tadeusz Borowski is the authorship of Rebels.
Adolf Rudnicki is the authorship of Rebels.
Henryk Grynberg is the authorship of Rebels.
Miron Biaszewski is the authorship of Rebels.
Hanna Krall is the authorship of Rebels.