Allosaurus derives Morrison Formation.
Allosaurus haves A. Fragilis.
Allosaurus is the additional species location of Venezuela.
Allosaurus is the additional species location of Russia.
Allosaurus is the additional species location of Tanzania.
Allosaurus describes Othniel Charles Marsh.
A. Fragilis assigns Saurophaganax.
A. Maximus is the belongs to of Saurophaganax.
A. Europaeus is the belongs to of Saurophaganax.
A. Tendagurensis is the belongs to of Saurophaganax.
A. Europaeus is the belongs to of Allosaurids.
A. Maximus is the belongs to of Allosaurids.
David K. Smith coins Saurophaganax.
David K. Smith coins A. Maximus.
David K. Smith coins Allosaurids.
Chure creates Saurophaganax.
Chure creates A. Maximus.
Chure creates Allosaurids.
A. Europaeus is the evolutionary variation of Tetanurans.
Allosaurus Atrox bases Yagiso-Cult.
K. Smith discovers Allosaurus Atrox.
David K. Smith discovers Allosaurus Atrox.
Allosaurus Atrox is the belongs to of Labrosaurus.
A. Jimmadseni is the differentiation based on shape of Jug.
Lucaris is the belonging to of Labrosaurus.
Lucaris is the error correction of Zittel.
Lucaris is the error correction of Osborn.
Cleveland Skulls is the observation of diversity of People.
People is the level of distinction based on characteristics of Horns.
A. Jimmadseni proposes Jug.
Allosaurus Valens is the typo correction of Antrodemus Valens.
Allosaurus Valens is the identification of Allosaurus Fragilis.
Allosaurus Valens supports Gilmore.
Apetodon Mirus is the assumption of Vertebral Marsh.
Maryland is the specimen relocation of Ornithopod.
Maryland is the specimen relocation of Richard Lull.
Maryland is the specimen relocation of Dryosaurus Grandis.
Maryland is the specimen remaining of Tooth.
Allosaurus Sibiricus is the discovery location of Buryatia.
Allosaurus Sibiricus is the discovery location of Russia.
Allosaurus Meriani is the description attribution of Greppin.
Allosaurus Meriani is the species transfer of Megalosaurus Meriani.
Allosaurus Meriani is the description attribution of Riabinin.
Allosaurus Meriani is the identification of Fourth Metatarsal.
Allosaurus Meriani is the species transfer of Chilantaisaurus.
Allosaurus Stechowi is the description attribution of Janensch.
Allosaurus Stechowi is the description attribution of Ceratosaurus.
Allosaurus Stechowi is the discovery location of Tanzania.
Allosaurus Merianus is the discovery location of Switzerland.
Marsh is the description attribution of Morrison Theropod Tooth.
Morrison Theropod Tooth is the comparison of Australovenator.
Morrison Theropod Tooth is the comparison of Abelisaur.