St Leonard Catholic Church locates Madison.
St Leonard Catholic Church locates Nebraska.
St Leonard Catholic Church locates Midwestern United States.
St Leonard Catholic Church is the exemplifies of Roman Revival Style Of Architecture.
St Leonard Catholic Church dedicates St Leonard Of Port Maure.
Bishop Michael O'Connor appoints Franciscan Missionaries.
Franciscan Missionaries administers Madison County.
Church converts School.
Church converts Convent.
Church is the built of New Church.
Edward S. Muenich becomes St. George.
Edward S. Muenich retains Jacob Nachtigall.
Edward S. Muenich becomes St. George.
School occupys Dubuque, Iowa.
Church is the conversion of School.
Church is the conversion of Convent.
Church is the construction of Church.
Church is the construction of School.
Church is the construction of Convent.
Church is the opening of School.
Church is the opening of Convent.
Church is the opening of Church.
Church is the dedication of School.
Church is the dedication of Convent.
Church is the dedication of Church.
Edward S. Muenich is the appointment of St. George.
Edward S. Muenich is the collaboration of John Nachtigall.
Church is the location of Madison.
Church is the location of Dubuque, Iowa.
Leonard is the affiliation of Church.
Jacob M. Nachtigall is the recognition of Church.
Elden Curtiss is the celebration of Church.
Workers manages Ibp.
Ibp manages Tyson.
Saint-Loonard increases Hispanic.
Madison County increases Hispanic.
Madison County increases Spanish-Speaking Population.
Madison County increases White-Non-Hispanic Population.
Jacob Nachtigall works Nebraska.
Church adds Rectory.
Church adds Hall.
Madison employs Workers.
Madison operates Ibp.
Madison operates Tyson.
Madison increases Hispanic.
Madison increases Spanish-Speaking Population.
Madison decreases White-Non-Hispanic Population.
Madison adds Church.
Madison adds Rectory.
Madison adds Hall.
Madison adds Jacob Nachtigall.
Nave is the leads to of Vestibule.
Nave is the leads to of Reconciliation Room.
Reconciliation Room transforms Baptistry.
Nave is the leads to of Choir Loft.
Choir Loft is the contains of Organ.
Organ builds Hinderer Organ Company.
Clock Tower haves Bell Tower.
Bell Tower is the depicts of Stained-Glass Windows.
Stained-Glass Windows is the depicts of Christ.
Bell-Room connects Clock-Room.
Clock-Room is the contains of Organ.
Clock-Room connects Clock Tower.
Clock Tower connects Vestibule.
Vestibule is the leads to of Main Entrance.
Clock Tower connects Reconciliation Room.
Reconciliation Room uses Baptistry.
Clock Tower is the leads to of Passage.
Passage is the leads to of Choir.
Clock Tower is the contains of Stained-Glass Windows.
Stained-Glass Windows is the depicts of Life Of Christ.
Nave is the contains of Columns.
Nave is the contains of Thomas.
Columns tops Marble.
Nave is the contains of Altar.
Altar connects Papal Altar.
Altar connects Saint-Joseph Altar.
Altar is the depicts of Immaculate Conception.
Altar is the depicts of Our Lady Of Guadalupe.
Altar is the depicts of Last Supper.
Altar places Tabernacle.
Tabernacle holds Angel.
Thomas haves Marble.