Romanian Land Forces is the belongs to of Romania.
Romanian Land Forces allys Russian Empire.
Romanian Land Forces is the fought against of Central Powers.
Romanian Land Forces participates Marasti.
Romanian Land Forces participates Marasesti.
Romanian Land Forces is the siege of of Plevna.
Romanian Land Forces encounters Bulgaria.
Romanian Land Forces enters Transylvania.
Romanian Land Forces is the part of of Hungarian Empire.
Romanian Land Forces is the fought against of German Empire.
Romanian Land Forces opposes Erich Von Falkenhayn.
Romanian Land Forces enters Wallachia.
Romanian Land Forces includes Bucharest.
Romanian Land Forces is the fought against of Austria-Hungary.
Romanian Land Forces defends Ion Antonescu.
Romanian Land Forces opposes August Von Mackensen.
Romanian Land Forces is the offensive on of Thessaloniki.
Romanian Land Forces surrenders Bouchere.
Bulgaria is the attack of Thessaloniki.
Romania is the union of Transylvania.
Romania is the union of Kingdom Of Romania.
Romania is the participant of World War I.
Transylvania is the union of Kingdom Of Romania.
Germany is the surrender of Treaty Of Bouchere.
Germany is the surrender of Article 259.
Romania is the attack of Thessaloniki.
Romania is the subordination of Inspectorate General Of The Army.
Inspectorate General Of The Army is the subordination of Army.
Army is the command of Division Of Tudor Vladimirescu.
Division Of Tudor Vladimirescu is the command of Colonel Nicolae Cambrea.
Division Of Tudor Vladimirescu is the command of Horia, Closca Si Crisan Division.
Horia, Closca Si Crisan Division is the command of General Mihail Lascar.
Romania is the participant of Operation Blue.
Romania is the conflict of Soviet.
Romania is the conflict of St Petersburg.
Red Army is the entry of Eastern Romania.
King Michael I is the expulsion of Marshal Antonescu.
King Michael I is the establishment of Pro-Soviet Government.
Macici is the command of 9Th Infantry Division.
Macici is the command of 10Th Infantry Division.
Macici is the command of 7Th Cavalry Division.
Romanian Armies is the battle of Odessa.
Romanian Armies is the battle of Sevastopol.
Romanian Armies is the advance of Soviet Territory.
Romanian Armies is the conflict of St Petersburg.
Romanian Armies is the engagement of Soviet Army.
Romanian Armies is the participant of Operation Blue.
Romanian Armies is the conflict of Eastern Front.
Romanian Armies is the conflict of Petersburg.
Romanian Armies is the engagement of Soviet Counterattack.
Tudor Vladimirescu is the commander of Colonel Nicacolie Cambrea.
Horia, Closca Si Crisan is the commander of General Mihail Lascar.
59Th Cavalry Division disbands Oradea.
Cluj is the headquarters of Cluj.
Bacau is the headquarters of Iasi.
Bucharest is the headquarters of Bucharest.
1989 fells 636 Million.
636 Million ages Equipment.
Equipment ages 30 Years Old.
75,000 Military Personnel arms 90,000 Men And Women.
15,000 Civilians arms 90,000 Men And Women.
1996 takes Government.
Government increases Budget.
Budget is the upgraded of Equipment.
2015 completes Military Service.
2015 is the marked end of 2025.
Chemical Agents carrys Missiles.
Rome invents Chemical Agents.
1996 increases Budget.
Parliament abolishs Conscription.
Roman Army haves 1St Division Dacia.
1St Division renames 1St Army.
4Th Division renames 4Th Army.
1St Division Dacia haves 1St Division.
1St Division Dacia haves 1St Division.
1St Division renames 1St Army.
4Th Division renames 4Th Army.
1St Division renames 1St Army.
4Th Division renames 4Th Army.
2Nd Infantry Division renames 2Nd Infantry Division.
1St Division receives 1St Division.
4Th Division receives 4Th Division.
1St Special Operations Battalion Vulturii creates 2005.
1St Special Operations Battalion Vulturii enters 2007.
313Th Battalion fells 313Th Battalion.
313Th Battalion overhauls Equipment.
313Th Battalion is the developed of Combat Readiness.
317Th Battalion considers 317Th Battalion.
528Th Battalion considers 528Th Battalion.
313Th Battalion fells 313Th Battalion.
313Th Battalion overhauls Equipment.
313Th Battalion is the developed of Combat Readiness.
Company commissions Battalion.
Battalion enlists Military Intelligence.
Battalion enlists Military Leadership.
Battalion enlists Marine Warfare.
Romanian Revolution closes Firing Ranges.
Romanian Revolution closes Training Areas.
Equipment overhauls Combat Readiness.
Battalion enters Service.
Battalion commissions Company.
Europe is the contains of Modern Firing-Ranges.
Europe is the contains of Military Buildings.
Troops stations Mikhail Kogalniceanu.
Mikhail Kogalniceanu forms Joint Task Force.
Joint Task Force is the utilizes of Babadag.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Ranks.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Insignia.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Officers.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Warrant Officers.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Military Martials.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Subofiteri.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Enlisted Men.
Roman Army is the distinguishes of Soldati Si Gradati Voluntari.
Troops stations Mikhail Kogalniceanu.
Mikhail Kogalniceanu forms Joint Task Force.
Joint Task Force is the utilizes of Babadag.
King Ferdinand holds Marshal Of Romania.
Carol I holds Marshal Of Romania.
Mihai I holds Marshal Of Romania.
Carol I is the simultaneous with of Russian Marshal.
Carol I is the simultaneous with of German Field Marshal.