Krak Des Chevaliers locates Hosn Al-Akrad.
Krak Des Chevaliers surrounds Al-Husn.
Krak Des Chevaliers administers Republic Of Syria.
Krak Des Chevaliers is the near of Jebel Ansariyah.
Krak Des Chevaliers is the near of Lebanon.
Krak Des Chevaliers recognizes Qal'At Al-'Aidi.
Hosn Al-Akrad is the surrounds of Al-Husn.
Republic Of Syria takes Al-Husn.
Republic Of Syria administers Qal'At Al-'Aidi.
Rafanea is the part of of Montferrand.
Rafanea is the part of of Talibar Plain.
Rafanea is the part of of Tripoli.
Crusaders is the control of Region.
Region is the control of King'S Castle.
King'S Castle is the susceptible to of City.
City is the susceptible to of Robbery.
King'S Castle is the part of of Rafanea.
King'S Castle is the part of of Montferrand.
King'S Castle is the part of of Valley.
Valley is the separates of Homs.
Valley is the separates of Tripoli.
Raymond Iv Of Toulouse attacks Garrison Of Hisn Al-Akrad.
Garrison Of Hisn Al-Akrad is the attacker of of Raymond Iv Of Toulouse.
Garrison Of Hisn Al-Akrad is the sent to robbers of Foragers.
Pope pronounces Hospitallers.
Raymond Iii grants Hospitallers.
Hospitallers expects Castles.
Raymond Ii is the permission requirement for peace of Hospitallers.
Muslims is the conflict with of Hospitallers.
Nur Ad Din defeats Crusaders.
Al-Buqaia is the near of Chevaliers.
Belmont fells Muslims.
Bélvoir fells Muslims.
Bethgibelin fells Muslims.
Saladin attacks Château Des Chemins.
Château Des Chemins fails Margat.
Stone Circle is the earlier form of of Inner Court.
Inner Court is the part of of Ward.
Siege occurs Kou-Che-Vau.
Siege stops Rain.
Siege attacks Baibar.
Siege defends Wooden Fence.
Siege lowers Tower.
Tower attacks Baibar.
French State controls Krak Des Chevaliers.
French State manages Academy Des Beaux Arts.
Census describes Krak Des Chevaliers.
Census describes Archaeology.
Census describes History.
Pierre Coupel works Krak Des Chevaliers.
Pierre Coupel works Sidon.
Syrian Arab Army shells Castle.
Syrian Arab Army smashs Crusader Chapel.
Syrian Arab Army recaptures Village Of Al-Hosn.
Syrian Arab Army recaptures Rebel Forces.
Stab-De-Cassard instals Castle.
Municipality rehabilitates Castle.
Survey describes Krak Des Chevaliers.
Survey describes Archaeology.
Survey describes History.
Pierre Coupel supervises Survey.
Countess Margat is the claims sister castle of Krak Des Chevaliers.
Krak Des Chevaliers is the sister castle of Margat.
Krak Des Chevaliers is the critical thwart of Margat.
Krak Des Chevaliers is the critical thwart of Cuff Des Chevaliers.
Domine Des Chevaliers is the critical thwart of Margat.
Domine Des Chevaliers is the critical thwart of Cuff Des Chevaliers.
Domine Des Chevaliers is the sister castle of Krak Des Chevaliers.
Rue Des Chevaliers is the sister castle of Krak Des Chevaliers.
Rue Des Chemins is the critical thwart of Margat.
Rue Des Chemins is the critical thwart of Cuff Des Chevaliers.
Rue Des Chemins is the critical thwart of Krak Des Chevaliers.
West Tower bes Palace Of The Jade Emperor.
South Tower bes Palace Of The Jade Emperor.
South Wall bes Palace Of The Jade Emperor.
West Wall bes Palace Of The Jade Emperor.
Knights bes Palace Of The Jade Emperor.
Chapel bes Castle.
Outer Walls bes Castle.
Apse bes Castle.
Roof bes Castle.
Wall bes Castle.
Doors bes Castle.
Tchaikovsky Palace bes Palace Of The Jade Emperor.
Tchaikovsky Palace haves Gateway.
Gateway haves Murder Holes.
Gateway haves Cut-Off Door.
Tchaikovsky Palace haves Red And Blue Frescoes.
Red And Blue Frescoes locates Chapel.