College Life misss Library.
Miriam is the friend of Allison.
Miriam is the roommates of Allison.
Allison is the roommates of Miriam.
Fireplace is the heating of Lawn Rooms.
Winter is the cold of Fireplace.
January is the cold of Winter.
Work-Study Program is the offset of Tuition.
Dinner is the plan of Movie.
Poli-Sci Class is the invitation of Party.
Party is the location of Crew House.
Crew House is the incidents of Alcohol Poisoning.
Varsity Members is the affected of Alcohol Poisoning.
Team is the membership of Varsity Members.
Argument is the renewal of Best Friends.
High School is the association of Miriam.
High School is the association of Allison.
High School is the association of Miriam.
High School is the association of Allison.
Freshman Year Orientation is the meeting of Miriam.
Freshman Year Orientation is the meeting of Allison.
Fantasy Books is the interest of Viggo Mortensen.
Boundaries is the challenge of Friendship.
Parties is the activity of Boys.
Library Trips is the observation of Campus.
Makeup is the appearance of Hair.
Jealousy is the emotion of Post-Sex Look.
Lawn Room is the plan of College Party.
College Party is the interest of Nate Thornhill.
Name is the identification of Nate Thornhill.
Senior is the comparison of Nate Thornhill.
Boys is the comparison of Nate Thornhill.
Navy Blue Polo is the attire of Nate Thornhill.
Skin is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Grass is the environment of Nate Thornhill.
Architecture is the environment of Nate Thornhill.
Movie is the interest of Nate Thornhill.
Wavy Brown Hair is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Dark Blue Eyes is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Nose is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Lips is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Chin is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Dimple is the description of Nate Thornhill.
Ryan Gosling is the comparison of Nate Thornhill.
Kennedy is the comparison of Nate Thornhill.
Baby is the comparison of Nate Thornhill.
Double Major is the comparison of Nate Thornhill.
Political Science is the overlap of Nate Thornhill.
History is the overlap of Nate Thornhill.
Core Courses is the overlap of Nate Thornhill.