 They had chosen this option in the interest of their conscience. The civilian public service (CPS) was the United States Government's program of providing conscientious objectioners with an alternative to military service in the wars of world war ii. From 1941 to 1947, a record of more than 20,000 people, conscientious of the cause of the United States, who had accepted the task of serving in some capacity, but unwilling to undertake military service, had accepted a job in national service in 152 CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civilian public service (CPS) was the United States Government's plan to provide conscientious objectioners with an alternative to military service during the World War I. More than 20,000 people who had taken up the cause of the United States, and who were not willing to serve in the military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. They had chosen this option in the interest of conscience. The civilian public service (CPS) was the United States Government's plan to give conscientious objectioners an alternative to military service during the wars of World War I. More than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had joined the cause of the United States, and who were unwilling to serve in the military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The men served without wages and with little support from the federal government... They had chosen this method out of conscience. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the job of an official, but were not willing to serve in military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, a record of more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the task of a volunteer and were unwilling to serve in military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civilian public service (CPS) was the United States Government’s plan to give conscientious objectioners an alternative to military service during World War I. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the position of a lawyer, but did not want to serve in military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the job of an official but who did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had joined the cause of the United States and were not willing to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The men served without any wages and had little support from the federal government. The civilian public service (CPS) was the United States government’s plan to provide conscientious objectioners with an alternative to military service during World War I. The civil service (CPS) was the United States government’s plan to provide conscientious objectioners with an alternative to military service during World War I. More than 20,000 people, conscientious of the United States’ cause and who were not ready to serve in the military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people, who had accepted the government service and who did not want to serve in the military service, were placed in the CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civilian service (CPSO) was the United States government's plan to give conscientious objectioners an alternative to military service during World War I. More than 20,000 people who had joined the United States, and who did not want to serve in the military service, were placed in the CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who had accepted the appointment of a lawyer but who did not want to serve in military service were placed in the CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. They had chosen this option out of conscience. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who had accepted the appointment of a lawyer but who did not want to serve in the military service, were placed in the CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who had joined the United States and who did not want to serve in the military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who had joined the United States and who did not want to serve in the military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civil service (CPSO) was the United States' plan to provide conscientious objectioners with an alternative to military service during World War I. More than 20,000 people who had joined the United States and who did not want to serve in the military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who had accepted the position of a lawyer and who did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civil service (CPS) was the United States' plan to give conscientious objectioners an alternative to military service during World War I. More than 20,000 people who have taken the side of the United States and who do not want to serve in military service were placed in the CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who have joined the United States and who do not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who have accepted the office of a lawyer but do not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who have joined the United States and who do not want to serve in military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who have accepted the office of a lawyer but who do not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who have accepted the position of a lawyer but who do not want to serve in military service are placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civilian public service (CPS) is the United States' plan to provide conscientious objectioners with an alternative to military service during World War I. More than 20,000 people, conscientious of the United States and unwilling to serve in military service, are placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civilian service (CPS) was the United States' plan to give conscientious objectioners an alternative to military service in the wars of World War I. More than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who took the United States' side and who did not want to serve in military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the job of a lawyer but did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the post of a lawyer but did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 conscientious objectioners who had accepted the post of a lawyer but did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who had accepted the post of a lawyer but did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who had a interest in the United States and did not want to serve in military service, were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who were not willing to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. The civilian service (CPSO) was the United States' plan to provide obstinate objectioners with an alternative to military service in World War I. More than 20,000 people who had joined the United States and who did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. More than 20,000 people who had joined the United States and who did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who had accepted the office of a lawyer but who did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States and Puerto Rico. From 1941 to 1947, more than 20,000 people who had accepted the official office and did not want to serve in military service were placed in CPSO camps in the United States They were exposed to the lives of the people in the assigned military camps... The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for committing a robbery under the espionage act..., because they refused to put on a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders of robbery under the espionage act... because they refused to put on a uniform or do anything else. They were exposed to the lives of the people in the regiments... After the war i, and with another european war looming, leaders from the historic peace churches came together to discuss how to cooperate with the government in avoiding the difficulties of war i... Taking a common view that the military service was not to be accepted in civilian service, they devised a plan of civilian alternative service based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after and after the war i, and forestry voluntarily done by the russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders of robbery under the espionage act, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. They were exposed to the lives of the people in the regiments. After the war ii and with the approaching of another european war, the leaders of the historic peace churches, gathered together in order to find ways of avoiding the difficulty of war ii. Taking the view that military service is not acceptable for civilians, they devised a civilian alternative service based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after and after the war ii, and on the voluntary work of the russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia. The justice department was in the process of convicting 181 mennonite leaders of robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was in the process of convicting 181 mennonite leaders for robbery under the espionage act, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. They were exposed to the lives of the people in the designated military camps. The fact that the war ii was approaching, and the fact that another war was coming, the leaders of the historic peace churches gathered together to discuss ways of avoiding the difficulties of war ii. Taking the view that military service is not to be accepted for civilians, they devised a civilian alternative, based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after the war ii, and on the voluntary service of the russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia.... The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. They were exposed to the lives of the people in the designated military camps. The battle of war ii was approaching and with the approaching of another war, the leaders of the historic peace churches gathered to discuss how to avoid the difficulty of war ii. Taking the view that military service is not for civilians, they created a civilian alternative, based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after the war ii, and on the voluntary work of the russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia. The influence of the churches was evident in the section 5 (g) of the bill, which says in part: “any person who claims such an exemption from combatant training and service....” Taking the view that military service is not to be accepted for civilians, they devised a civilian alternative, based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after and after the war ii, and forestry voluntarily performed by the Russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery under the spying act, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. They were exposed to the lives of the people in the designated military camps. The justice department was in the process of convicting 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was in the process of convicting 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was in the process of convicting 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The mennonite leaders were arrested under the spying act, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The history of the army was indicated in section 5 (g) of the bill, which says in part: “anyone who claims that such an exemption is not granted to combatants should be assigned to work of national importance under civilian supervision.” The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery under the spying act, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery under the spying act, because they did not wear a uniform or do nothing else. The influence of the churches was evident in the article in para. 5: “Anyone who claims such an exemption from military training and service...” The war of war ii was approaching and the onset of another war, the leaders of the historic peace churches gathered to discuss how to avoid the difficulties of war ii. Taking the view that military service is not acceptable for civilians, they devised a civilian alternative, based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after the war ii, and on the voluntary work of the Russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. They were exposed to the lives of the people in the assigned military camps. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do nothing else. The justice department was preparing to convict 181 mennonite leaders for robbery, because they did not wear a uniform or do anything else. Taking the view that military service is not for civilians, they created a civilian alternative based on the experience of the american friends service committees in Europe after the war ii, and forestry voluntarily performed by the Russian mennonites instead of military service in tsarist Russia. The influence of the churches is shown in the article in para. 5: "Anyone who claims such an exemption from military service in a civilian way " It was no longer necessary to carry out the same court proceedings as the military courts. Unlike harsher methods, the military found that the gentler approach instilled in one in eight transitions to the military. A military court, which specialized in harsher tactics, could now be successfully used. The church representatives took notice of the fact that the program had not been conceived well and the churches were advised to develop a plan. Unlike the more severe cases, the military found that the more moderate approach was a factor in one in eight transitions to the military. It was no longer necessary to submit to the same court proceedings as the military courts. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the moderate approach was a factor in one in eight transitions to the military. The church representatives noticed that the plan had not been well laid out, and they urged the churches to make a plan. The historic peace churches were preparing a plan for the establishment of the CPS camps under the church authority. However, the president of the church roosevelt did not support any plan not including military command. To save the plan and keep the civilian direction of the program, the churches offered to fund the camps. They noticed that the plan was not well put together, and they urged the churches to formulate a plan. The church representatives noticed that the program was not well thought out, and urged the churches to develop a plan. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was involved in one in eight transitions to the military. The historic peace churches were preparing a plan for the establishment of CPS camps under church authority, but the president of the church roosevelt refused to take part in the military. The church representatives observed that the plan had not been well defined, and they asked the churches to create a plan. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was responsible for one in eight transitions to the military. The church representatives observed that the plan had not been properly laid out, and they urged the churches to create a plan. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was responsible for one in eight transitions to the military. It was no longer necessary to submit to the same court proceedings as the military courts. The peace churches agreed to a six-month trial of Christian-supported and funded camps for conscientious objectors, and thus civilian public service was born. A military court, specialized in harsher methods, could now be successfully used. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the moderate approach was a factor in one in eight transitions to the military. The historic churches were preparing a plan for the establishment of cPS camps under the church authority, but the president of the church roosevelt refused to take part in the military. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well thought out, and they urged the churches to prepare a plan. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well planned, and urged the churches to create a plan. Unlike military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was involved in one in eight transitions to the military. The churches noticed that the program was not well prepared, and they urged the churches to prepare a plan. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was involved in one in eight transitions to the military. Unlike military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was involved in one in eight transitions to the military. The historic peace churches were about to lay out a plan for the establishment of CPS camps under the church authority, but the president of the church roosevelt did not support any plan that did not include military action. The historic peace churches prepared a plan for the establishment of cps camps under the church authority, but the President of the Church of the South refused to participate in the military. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well-organized and urged the churches to develop a plan. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well prepared, and urged the churches to make a plan. The churches noticed that the plan was not well-arranged, and urged the churches to prepare a plan. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well thought out, and they urged the churches to develop a plan. A military court, which is specialized in military procedures, could now be successfully used. A military court, which is specialized in military procedures, can now be successfully used. The historic churches wanted to prepare a plan for the establishment of the CPS camps, but the church roosevelt did not want to take part in the military. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well thought out, and they urged the churches to prepare a plan. The churches noticed that the plan was not well designed, and urged the churches to create a plan. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was able to influence one in eight transitions to the military. Unlike the military courts, the military found that the more moderate approach was able to influence one in eight transitions to the military. The peace churches agreed to conduct a six-month trial of Christian-financed and interchurch-funded camps, and so civilian service was born. A military court, specialized in military procedures, could now be successfully used. The historic churches planned to establish the cps camp under church authority, but the president of the church of the south refused to enter the military. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well thought out, and they urged the churches to prepare. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well planned, and they urged the churches to prepare a plan. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well prepared, and they urged the churches to prepare a plan. The historic churches wanted to prepare a plan for the establishment of the cps camp under church authority, but the president of the church of the South did not want to enter the military. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well designed, and they urged the churches to develop a plan. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well planned, and they urged the churches to develop a plan. The historic churches had decided to take up a six-month trial of Christian-funded and interchurch-funded camps, and so civilian service was born. The peace churches were in the process of preparing a plan for the establishment of cps camps, but the president of the church of the South refused to take part in the military. The churches noticed that the plan was not well prepared, and they urged the churches to create a plan. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well prepared, and they urged the churches to create a plan. The military found that the more moderate approach was responsible for one in eight transitions to the military. The peace churches agreed to conduct a six-month trial of Christian-sponsored and funded camps, and so civilian service was born. A military court, which is specialized in military affairs, could now be successfully used. The church representatives noticed that the plan was not well laid out, and they urged the churches to create a plan. The historic churches wanted to prepare a plan for the establishment of cps camps, but the president of the church of the South refused to take part in the military. cps men generally worked nine hours, six days per week. The local committee, the american friends, and the brothers' committee tended almost all the camps. There was a local committee, an American Friendship and the Brothers' Committee, which held almost all the camps. The association of catholic conscientious objectors held four camps and the methodist world peace commission two. The workers, who worked nine hours, six days per week, worked a full nine-hour week. The director of the camp administration took care of the needs of the men, overseed maintenance of the camp facilities, handled the community relations and reported to the senior officers. There was a local committee, an American Friendship and the Brothers’ Committee, which controlled almost all the camps. The association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the methodist world peace commission had two. The workers, who worked nine hours, six days a week, were usually working nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days a week generally worked nine hours. Besides the director, a matron, a businessman, and a dietitian staffed a typical camp. There was a local committee, an American Friendship and the Brothers’ Committee, which controlled almost all the camps. The director of the camp administration took care of the men’s needs, looked after the maintenance of the facilities, reported to the senior officials. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which dominated almost all the camps. The association of catholic observances had four camps and the world-recognized one had two. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The employees who worked nine hours, six days a week generally worked nine hours. Besides the director, a matron, a merchant, and a dietitian were in a typical camp. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, controlled almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious Objectors had four camps, and the world-recognized one had two. The chief of staff, an American friend and a brother, took care of the needs of the people, was concerned with the maintenance of the facilities, was concerned with the community relations, and reported to the senior officers. The men who worked nine hours, six days a week, worked a full nine-hour week. The strength of the instruction programs varied from camp to camp, and after nine hours of physical labor it was difficult to get them to attend. The men who worked nine hours, six days, generally worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps. The association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps; the association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps; the association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The administrative department, a friend of the American, took care of the public, looked after the public affairs, and reported to the superiors. The administrative department was supervised by an American friend and a brother, in charge of the management of the lodgings, in charge of the community relations, and reported to the senior officers. The janitorial department was responsible for the needs of the people, in charge of the maintenance of the lodgings, in charge of the community affairs, and reported to the senior officials. The workers who worked nine hours, six days a week, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days a week, worked nine hours. The chief of staff, an American friend and a brother, supervised the maintenance of the lodgings, took care of the community relations, and reported to the senior officers. cps men generally worked nine hours, six days a week. The cps men generally worked nine hours, six days a week. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps. The association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, held almost all the camps. The association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, held almost all the camps; the association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The members of the staff, an American friend and a brother, took care of the people, took care of the facilities, took care of the community and reported to the senior officials. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The members of the staff, an American friend and a brother, took care of the needs of the people, took care of the maintenance of the rooms, took care of the community relations and reported to the senior officials. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious objectors had four camps, and the world-renowned one had two. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. They were working nine hours, six days a week. The men who worked nine hours, six days a week worked nine hours. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which ruled almost all the camps. The association of catholics had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which ruled almost all the camps. The association of catholics had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. There were the workers who worked nine hours, six days. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps, the catholic conscientious objectors had four camps, and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps, the association of catholic conscientious objectors had four camps, and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, dominated almost all the camps, the catholic conscientious objectors had four camps, and the world-renowned one had two. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps. The association of catholics had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which ruled almost all the camps. The catholic conscientious people had four camps, and the world renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, ruled almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious people had four camps, and the world renowned one had two. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the staff who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which was held almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious objectors had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, ruled almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious objectors had four camps, and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, ruled almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious objectors had four camps, and the world-renowned one had two. The men who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours And the cps men worked nine hours, six days a week. They worked nine hours, six days a week. The workers who worked nine hours, six days a week worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days a week worked nine hours. The men who worked nine hours, six days a week worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days a week worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days a week worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious people had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, held almost all the camps; the world-renowned one had four camps and the renowned one had two. There was a local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, which held almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious people had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The local committee, American Friendship and Brothers, held almost all the camps; the catholic conscientious people had four camps and the world-renowned one had two. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours. The workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours, six days, worked nine hours; the workers who worked nine hours .. men who were irritated by the cps system and did not feel like adjusting to the church.... - in camps that were managed by the selective service. These camps were the least productive and most difficult to administer. ... men who were irritated by the cps system and did not feel like adjusting to the church...... people who felt they had to protest the restrictions of the conscription law and were not able to adjust to the church... – in camps managed by the selective service. The hardest cases were brought to the federal court and the men who were imprisoned... The most difficult cases were sent to the federal court and the men who were imprisoned. ... men who are frustrated by the cps system and not wanting to adjust to the church... people who feel they must protest the conscription laws and cannot adjust to the church... - in the selective service camps. These camps are the least productive and the most difficult to administer.... men who are frustrated with the cps system and do not want to adapt to the church... in the selective service camps.... The most difficult cases are brought to the federal court and the men who are imprisoned. ... men who are annoyed by the cps system and do not want to adjust to the church... men who are afraid of the conscription law and can’t adjust to the church... people who are afraid of the conscription laws and cannot adapt to the church...... in cps-elite camps.... irritated by the cps-elite camps and don’t want to adapt to the church... in cps-elite camps. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and to the convicts.... the hardest cases are brought to the federal court and to the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and to the convicts.... if jobs were available in the surrounding areas, people who could work on extra spending money could earn extra spending money... .... the most difficult cases were brought to the federal court and to the convicts. The most difficult cases were brought to the federal court and to the convicts. The hardest cases were brought to the federal court and to the convicts. The hardest cases were brought to the federal court and to the convicts.... men who were annoyed by the cps system and did not want to adjust to the church... men who were afraid of the conscription law and could not adjust to the church... men who were afraid of the conscription laws and could not adjust to the church... in the military service. These military service camps were the least productive and most difficult to administer. Men who were frustrated by the cps system and did not want to adjust to the church... men who felt they had to protest the conscription laws and could not adapt to the church... in the military service camps. The most difficult cases were brought to the federal court and to the convicts. The most difficult cases were brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases were brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases were brought to the federal court and the convicts.... people who were irritated by the cps system and did not want to adapt to the church... people who felt they had to protest the restrictions of the conscription law and did not want to adapt to the church... people who were irritated by the cps system and did not want to adapt to the church... people who were irritated by the cps system and did not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite camps... men who were irritated by the cps elite camps and did not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite camps... the most difficult cases were brought to the cps elite camps... men who were irritated by the cps elite camps and did not want to adapt to the church... the most difficult cases were brought to the cps elite camps... men who were irritated by the cps elite camps and did not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite camps... people who were irritated by the cps elite camps and did not want to adapt to the church... in the military service camps... the most difficult cases were brought to the cps elite camps... men who were irritated by the cps elite camps and did not want to adapt to the church... in the military service camps... men who are irritated by the cps system and don't want to adjust to the church... men who are irritated by the cps system and don't want to adapt to the church... in the military service camps... the most difficult cases are brought to the cps elite camps... if there are jobs in the surrounding areas, those who can work on their extra money can earn extra money... But if there are jobs in the surrounding areas, those who can work on their extra income can earn extra money...... the hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. The hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts. Men who are annoyed with the cps and do not want to adjust to the church... men who are irritated by the cps and do not want to adapt to the church... men who are irritated by the cps and do not want to adapt to the church... men who are irritated by the cps and do not want to adapt to the church... men who are irritated by the cps and do not want to adapt to the church... men who are irritated by the cps and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are irritated by the cps elite and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are irritated by the cps elite and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are irritated by the cps elite and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are irritated by the cps elite and do not want to adapt to the church... in the military service... men who are irritated by the cps elite and do not want to adapt to the church... in the military service... the hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts... the hardest cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts... men who are irritated by It is the most difficult and difficult thing that can happen in the real world. This is the place where the hardest and most difficult problems happen. There are the most difficult problems and the hardest things happen in the real world. The hardest things happen in the real world and the hardest things happen in the real world. The hardest things happen in the real world and the hardest thing is to get into the real world and get in the real world. The real world and the real world are the most difficult things to get into, and the real world and the real world are the worst of the worst. The smallest problems, the hardest problems, the hardest things are brought to the real world and the smallest things are brought to the real world and the smallest things are brought to the real world. The big things are brought to the real world and the smallest things are brought to the real world and the smallest things are brought to the real world. These are the worst of the big things and the most difficult to administer. These are the kind of camps that are most productive and most difficult to administer. They are the most inefficient and most difficult to administer. The men who are in a hurry to adapt to the church and do not want to adapt to it are in the cps elite... men who are in a hurry to adapt to the church and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are in a hurry to adapt to the church and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are in a hurry to adapt to the church and do not want to adapt to the church... in the cps elite... men who are in a hurry to get money... but if there are jobs in the nearby area, those who earn extra money will earn extra money... the most difficult cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts... the most difficult cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts... the most difficult cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts... the most difficult cases are brought to the federal court and the convicts... men who are in a hurry and want to get money... men who are in a hurry and want to get money... men who are in a hurry and want to get money... in the c - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system - cps-system... cps-system - cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps-system... cps- The cabins and the avenues on the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Skyline Drive in virginia are the product of the cps’ labor. During the fires they constructed forests, treated nursery stock, planted thousands of seedlings, and kept pests at bay. The cabins and the avenues of the Blue Ridge Parkway and Skyline Drive in virginia were built by the cps. The forests were constructed, treated the nursery, laid thousands of seedlings, and kept pests at bay. From base camps scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two-lb. rations... hundreds of men volunteered for smoke-jumping, demonstrating their willingness to take great personal risks. The cabins and eagle groves of the Blue Ridge Parkway and Skyline Drive in virginia were constructed by the cps. They constructed the eagle grove, culled nursery stock, planted thousands of seedlings, and kept pests at bay. From the base camps scattered in the woods of montana, idaho and oregon, the men ran to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two-pound rations. They carried the tame tree trellis, showed their willingness to take great personal risks. In this special program - up to 240 cps people served in it. One of the schools of snuff jumping was held at camp paxson in montana... hundreds of men volunteered for snuff jumping, demonstrating their willingness to take great personal risks. The cabins and eagle groves of the Blue Ridge Parkway and Skyline Drive in virginia are the product of the cps' labor. The cps' work was carried out during the fires, they cultivated the grove, culled the seed, planted thousands of seedlings, and kept pests at bay. The cps' work was accomplished during the fires, they built the grove, culled the seed, and prevented pests from growing. The cps' camps scattered in the woods of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire fighting equipment and two pound rations, they carried the tame tree trellis, showing their willingness to take great personal risks. The psychiatric hospital in philadelphia had a single assistant for 300 patients, the minimum ratio being 10 : 1. In this special program, 240 cps people were employed. The cabins and the eagle groves of the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Skyline Drive in virginia are the product of the cps’ labor. The cps’ work was done during the fires, they built the grove, culled the seed, and kept pests at bay. The cps’ camps scattered in the forest of montana, idaho, and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire fighting equipment and two lb. rations – hundreds of men volunteered for smoke jumping, demonstrating their willingness to take great personal risks. In this special program 240 cps people served. The psychiatric hospital in philadelphia had a single assistant for 300 patients, the minimum ratio being 10: 1. In this special program 240 cps people served. From the base camps scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon the men went to the fires, carrying fire fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and carried the tame tree trellis, showing their willingness to take great risks. The cabins and eagle groves of the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Skyline Drive in virginia were built by the cps. The cps' work was carried out during the fires, they cultivated the grove, culled the seed, and prevented pests from growing. From the base camps scattered in the forest of Montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations. They carried the tame tree trellis, demonstrating their willingness to take great personal risks. During the fires, the cps constructed forests, treated the nursery, planted thousands of seedlings, and kept pests at bay. The cps constructed forests, planted trees, treated thousands of seedlings, and kept pests at bay. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men went to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and they carried the tame tree, showing their willingness to take great risks. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, hundreds of men volunteered for smoke-jumping, showing their willingness to take great risks. In this special program 240 cps people were employed. In 1945, more than 2000 cps people worked in 41 institutions in 20 states. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, displaying their willingness to take great risks. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of Montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and carrying the tame tree trellis, showing their willingness to take great risks. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of Montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and carrying the tame tree trellis, showing their willingness to take great risks. In this special program 240 cps people served. In the interview, a person who was a conscientious objector, described his experience in the hospital wards of the mental hospital: it was a kind of a life-threatening dream. There are the cabins and the eagles of the Blue Ridge Parkway and the Skyline Drive in virginia. The cps are involved in the construction of forests, treating the nursery, and planting thousands of seedlings. During the fires the cps are involved in the cps' work, they are involved in the construction of forests, they are involved in the cult of trees, they are involved in the pest control, the cps are involved in the construction of forests, they are involved in the management of trees, they are involved in the prevention of pests. During the fires the cps are involved in the cult of trees, they are involved in the planting of thousands of seedlings and have kept pests in check. The cps' camps are involved in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men are in the camp, carrying fire fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and they are carrying tame tree, showing their willingness to take great risks. From the camps scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men are in the camp, carrying fire fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and they are carrying tame tree, showing their willingness to take great risks. From the camps scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men are running to the fires, carrying fire fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, hundreds of men are jumping, demonstrating their willingness to take great risks. In this special program, 240 cps people are served. In 1945, more than 2000 cps people worked in 41 institutions in 20 states. In this special program 240 cps people were served. The cps' camps are scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rush to the fires, carrying fire fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and carrying the tame tree, showing their willingness to take great risks. During the fires the cps worked in the forests, they planted the trees, they planted thousands of seedlings, and the cps worked in the forests, built the trees, planted thousands of seedlings, and the cps worked in the forests, cultivated the trees, and prevented the pests from growing. The cps worked in the forests, they planted the trees, they cultivated the seed and prevented the pests from growing. The cps worked in the forests, the cult of trees, they were the pest control, they were the control of trees, they were the pest control, they were the control of trees, they were the management of trees, they were the prevention of pests. The cps worked in the forests, planted the trees, planted thousands of seedlings, and kept the pests at bay. In this special program 240 cps were employed. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, hundreds of men volunteered to jump, demonstrating their willingness to take great risks. In the interview a man who was a conscientious objector described his experience in the hospital of the mental hospital: he was a kind of threatening dream. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men went to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and carrying the tame tree, showing their willingness to take great risks. In this special program 240 cps were employed. The cps' camps were scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, and carrying the tame tree, showing their willingness to take great risks. From the camps scattered in the forest of montana, idaho and oregon, the men rushed to the fires, carrying fire-fighting equipment and two pounds of rations, hundreds of men jumped on the trell I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to find out what i could do to aid him or to serve him in some way. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to get something to do with him, or to help him. The man could have been lying on a mattress or on the bare floor. It was not a mattress, but it was bare. If i tried to move him, the skin came off... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to find out what I could do to help him or help him in some way. The man might have been lying on a mattress or on the bare floor. It wasn't a mattress, but it was bare. If i moved him, his skin came off... Now that was my first introduction to what was very needed in this prison. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help him or help him. The man could be lying on a mattress or on the bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but the skin was ripped off... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to do something to help him or help him. The man might have been lying on a mattress or on a bare floor. If i moved him, his skin was ripped off... Here I was given a first view of what was most needed in this prison. The cpsmen objected to the mistreatment of patients and the disdain of their attendants, and wished to show other assistants some other means of dealing with patients. I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or to help him. The man might be lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but it was bare. If I moved him, his skin was ripped off... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or to help him. The man could be lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress but bare. I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped off... He said he did not need it. Here was my first look at what was needed in this prison. The clerks objected to the treatment of the patients and the disrespect of their attendants, and wanted to show other attendants how to deal with the patients. When he came in, the patients crowded around him, asking, "Where's your broomstick? " He said he did not need it... But suppose we gang up on you! " And I open a door and find a man lying on the floor. I stand there and try to help or to help him. The man might be lying on a mattress or on a bare floor. It was not a mattress but bare. I try to move him, but the skin is ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stand and try to help or help him; the man could be lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I move him, but the skin is ripped... I open a door and find a man lying on the floor. I stand and try to help or help him; the man is lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it is not a mattress, but bare. I move him, but the skin is ripped off... In a few days the patients come to him, telling him of their troubles. The clerks protested against the treatment of the patients and the disrespect of the attendants, and wanted to show other assistants how to deal with the patients. Here I saw firsthand what was most needed in this prison. The clerks protested against the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the attendants, and wanted to show other assistants how to deal with the patients. I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help him or to help him. He was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. If I moved him, his skin was ripped off... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him. The man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor. It was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... Here I was first introduced to what was most needed in this prison. The policemen objected to the mistreatment of the patients and to the disrespect of the attendants and wanted to show other policemen how to deal with the patients. I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help or help him. The man could be lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but the skin was ripped off... Suddenly I saw what was most needed in this prison. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I moved him, but his skin was ripped off... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I moved him, but the skin was ripped off... Now this was my first glimpse of what was needed in this prison; the warders protested against the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the warders, and wanted to show other warders how to deal with the patients. I went into the prison, the patients crowded around him, asking: "Where's your broom?" I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but the skin was ripped... I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him. The man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor. He was not a mattress, but bare. I moved him, but his skin was ripped off... I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I moved him, but the skin was ripped off... Now I was introduced to what was most needed in this prison: the warders protested against the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the attendants, and wanted to show other warders how to deal with the patients. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him, the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped off... Suddenly I saw what was most needed in this prison: the prison staff objected to the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the warders, and wanted to show other staff how to deal with the patients. Here I saw first hand what was most needed in this prison: the prison staff objected to the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the warders, and wanted to show other staff how to deal with the patients. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help or help him. The man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor, it was not a mattress but bare. I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped off... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help or help him. The man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor, it was not a mattress, but bare. I moved him, but his skin was ripped off... Now I saw the most needed thing in this prison. I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or to help him; he was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress but bare; I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor; I stood there and tried to help or to help him; he was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I went in and tried to help or help him, the man was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a floor, it was not a mattress but bare; I moved him, but his skin was ripped... I saw the first glimpse of what was most needed in this prison: the prison staff protested against the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the guards, and wanted to show other guards how to deal with the patients. Here I was first exposed to the most needed in this prison: the guards protested against the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the guards, and wanted to show other guards how to deal with the patients. I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor, it was not a mattress but bare; I moved him, but his skin was ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare. I moved him, but his skin was ripped off... I opened a door and found a man lying I went into the prison and the patients crowded around him, asking: “Where is your broom?” I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor. I stood there and tried to help or help him; the man was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress, but bare; I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor; I stood there and tried to help or help him; he was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress, but bare; I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor; I stood and tried to help or help him; he was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress but bare; I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... Here I opened the door and found a man lying on the floor; I stood and tried to help or help him, he was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress, but bare; I tried to move him, but his skin was ripped... I opened a door and found a man lying on the floor; I stood and tried to help or help him; he was lying on a mattress or on a floor; it was not a mattress, but bare; I moved him, but the skin was ripped... Here I was introduced to the most needed in this prison: the guards complained about the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the guards, and wanted to show other guards how to deal with the patients. The guards protested against the mistreatment of the patients and the disrespect of the guards, and wanted to show other guards how to deal with the patients. I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor. I stood and tried to help or help him: the man was lying on a mattress or on a bare floor; it was not a mattress, but bare; I moved him, but the skin was ripped... I opened one of the rooms and found a man lying on the floor; I stood and tried to help or help him ‘The Mental Health Project’, another effort of the CPC, became the National Mental Health Foundation. From the experiences of the CPC, a new cos perspective was taken. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Reports of Cos. Early on, astonished by the change made by Cos in the Mental Health Service, ELEANOR ROOSTERFLOWT, influenced by the changes introduced by cos in the Mental Health System, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and actively inspired other citizens, among them owen j. , some of whom were at the time of Cos’s savagery, some of whom had roberts, pearl buck, and harry emerson fosdick, to support the mission of the organization. From the experiences of the CPC, a new cos perspective was taken. From the Mental Health Reports of Cos, a new concept of the cos was conceived. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Reports of Cos. This new project of the Cos took its name from the mental health of Cos. As a result of this change, Lieutenant Rooperflint, surprised at the change in the mental health system, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and encouraged other citizens, among others, owen roberts, pearl buck, and harry emerson fosdick, to become a member of the organization’s objectives of a reform and humane treatment of patients. From the Mental Health Reports of Cos, a new idea of the cos was conceived. From the Mental Health Reports of Cos, a new concept of the cos was conceived. Early, astonished by the change made by Cos in the Mental Health Service, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes made by Cos in the Mental Health Service, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and influenced other citizens, among them owen j., some of whom were at the time of Cos’s savagery, some of whom were roberts, pearls, and harry emerson fosdick, to support the mission of the organization. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Report of Cos. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Report of Cos. Early on, astonished by the change in the Mental Health System, Lieutenant Rooperflint, influenced by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation, and encouraged other citizens, among others, owen j. and harry emerson fosdick, to support the cause of the organization. The men were inoculated with the infectious blood plasma, swallowed nose and throat washings and the body wastes of infected patients, and drank contaminated water. I came across a doctor who had worked with the cps test subjects in the university of pennsylvania, he spoke of his experiences with the cps test subjects, and he related his experiences with the test subjects: “the first time I was given a chance to study these subjects, as a young surgeon, I was asked to do serial biopsies of the liver of the patients in order to determine the effects of the virus on the liver.” Having been first surveyed with the blood-spill virus, Lieutenant Rooperflint, influenced by the changes introduced by Cos in the mental health service, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and actively encouraged other citizens, among them owen j., some of whom were at the time of Cos’s savagery, some of whom were roberts, pearls and harry emerson fosdick, to support the organization’s mission. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Report of Cos. Early, surprised by the change in the mental health system, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and actively encouraged other citizens, among them owen j., some of whom were roberts, pearls and harry emerson fosdick, to join the cause of the organization. Initially, astonished by the change in the Mental Health System, Lieutenant Rooperflint, influenced by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and encouraged other citizens, among others, owen j. and harry emerson fosdick, to join the cause of the organization. This new project of the Cos took its name from the mental health of Cos. I met a doctor who worked with the cps test subjects in the university of pennsylvania, told of his experience with the cps test subjects, and described his experiences with the test subjects: "As a young surgeon, I was asked to examine the blood-spill virus, and the cps test subjects were blood-stained, and he told about his experiences with the test subjects: "The first time I was consulted by cps test subjects, as a young surgeon, I was asked to examine the liver of the test subjects, and roberts, pearls and harry-emerson-fry, to support the organization. " The mental health project was developed from the mental health report of Cos. Early, surprised by the change in the mental health system, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and encouraged other citizens, among them, roberts, pearls and harry-emerson-fry, to support the organization. The mental health project was developed from the mental health report of Cos. Early, surprised by the change in the mental health system, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and encouraged other citizens, among them roberts, pearls and harry-emerson-fry, to join the organization. Initially, surprised by the change in the mental health system, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and actively encouraged other citizens, among them roberts, pearls and harry-emerson-fry, to support the mission of the organization. From the Mental Health Reports of Cos, a new idea of cos was conceived. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Reports of Cos. hepatitis was made a priority to the hepatitis research as a means of determining that a virus is responsible for the disease and that it is transmitted by human filth, hepatite, and emerson fosdick,. The mental health project was developed from the mental health report of Cos. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Report of Cos. Early, surprised by the change in the Mental Health Service, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the change in Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and actively encouraged other citizens, among them, roberts, pearls and harry-emerson fosdick, to join the cause of the organization. Early, surprised by the change in the Mental Health Service, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the change in Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and encouraged other citizens, among them roberts, pearls and harry-emerson fosdick, to join the cause of the organization. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Report of Cos. The Mental Health Project was developed from the Mental Health Report of Cos. Early, surprised by the change in the Mental Health Service, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes in Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and encouraged other citizens, among them roberts, pearls and harry-emerson fosdick, to support the cause of the organization. - The Blood spill virus was discovered as a young surgeon, and he described his experiences with the subjects: " The first time I had the opportunity to study these subjects, as a young surgeon, I was asked to examine the liver of the patients and roberts, pearls and harry-emerson furry, in order to test the effects of the virus on the liver." - Early, astonished by the change in the Mental Health Service, Lieutenant Rooperflint, inspired by the changes introduced by Cos, became a patron of the National Mental Health Foundation and actively encouraged other citizens, among them roberts, pearls and harry-emerson furry, to support During the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. During the war, quinine was scarce, and scientists were searching for an alternative. During the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war quinine was scarce, and scientists sought for an alternative. At the university of minnesota twelve patients were tested for malaria. Then the revolution started. Quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war, quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative. At the university of minnesota, twelve patients were tested for malaria. During the early 1940s, quinine was the most important anti-malarial drug. During the war, quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. Then the revolution. Quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war quinine was scarce and scientists were searching for an alternative. In the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. At the university of minnesota twelve patients were tested for malaria. For three months they were given a normal three-stack diet of three-stack, three-stack 200 calorie diet (13-stack, 000 kJ). This was followed by six months of a 1 stack diet of one, three-stack 800 calorie diet ( 7-stack, 500 kJ), which was less than the famine diet that the civilian population experienced in wartime europe. The research revealed the men's ability to maintain their physical output and the psychological effects of shyness, restlessness, irritability and severe depression. Then the revolution. The study revealed the men's ability to maintain their physical output and the psychological effects of shyness, irritability and severe depression. During the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. During the war, quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative. Then the revolution began. At the university of minnesota twelve patients were tested for malaria. For three months they were prescribed a normal three-stack diet of three-stack, three-stack 200 calorie diet (13-stack, 000 kJ), followed by six months of a 1stack diet of one-stack 800 calorie diet (75 kJ), less than the diet which civilians experienced in wartime europe. Quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative. In the early 1940s quinine was the most important anti-malarial drug; in the war quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative; at the university of minnesota, twelve patients were tested for malaria. At the university of minnesota twelve patients were tested for malaria. Then the revolution began. Quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. During the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. During the war, quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. The early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war, quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. The early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war, quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. During the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war, quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. In the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war, quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. During the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug. In the war, quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative. At the university of minnesota, twelve patients were tested for malaria. Three months they were given a normal three-stack diet of three-stack, three-stack 200 (13-stack, 000 kJ), followed by six months of a one-stack diet of eight-stack 800 (75 kJ), which was less than the diet that civilians were accustomed to in wartime Europe. During the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; during the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. During the early 1940s, quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; during the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative. In the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; during the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative; during the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; during the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative; in the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; during the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative; during the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; during the war quinine was scarce and scientists were looking for an alternative; at the university of minnesota twelve patients were tested for malaria; for three months they were given a normal three-stack diet of three-stack 200 (13-stack, 000), followed by six months of a one-stack diet of 800 (75 kJ), which was less than the diet which civilians were used to in wartime Europe. During the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; in the war quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative; in the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; in the war quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative; at the university of minnesota twelve patients were tested for malaria; for three months they were given a normal three-stack diet of three-stack 200 calorie (13 kJ); then six months of a one-stack diet of eight-stack 800 (75 kJ), which was less than the diet that civilians were used to in wartime Europe. In the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; in the war quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative; in the early 1940s quinine was the main anti-malarial drug; in the war quinine was scarce and scientists sought an alternative; in James stafford and William Stafford were in cps camps. The actor francis (Fitz) and the actor William weaver were in cps camps... they were men of the historic peace churches who were volunteers for the redevelopment of their churches after their release from cps. James stafford and William Stafford were in cps camps. The actor francis (Fitz) and the actor William weaver were in cps camps. These were men of the historic peace churches who were volunteers for the renovation of their churches after they were released from cps.... The 1947 nobel peace prize was awarded to the american and british friends of the army for their relief work in europe after the war.... the central committee for relief and reconstruction in Europe after the war.... the mennonite central committee redirected its efforts from camp administration to relief and reconstruction in europe after the war... James stafford and William Stafford were in cps camps. The actor francis (Fitz) and the actor William weaver were in cps camps... these were men of the historic peace churches who were volunteers for the restoration of their churches after they were released from cps. The 1947 nobel peace prize was awarded to the American and British friends of the army for their relief work in Europe after the war... The mennonite central committee redirected its efforts from the administration of camps to relief and reconstruction in Europe after the war... The central committee for relief and reconstruction in Europe after the war... the central committee for relief and reconstruction in Europe after the war... the mennonite central committee redirected its efforts from the management of camps to the relief and reconstruction in Europe after the war...