 - erzherzog ferdinand max (German: rzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre- dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 - erzherzog karl (German: rzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre- dreadnought battleship built by the austro-hungarian navy in 1902 - erzherzog ferdinand max (). She was launched on 3 october 1903. ‘Erzherzog ferdinand max’ (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902, erzherzog karl (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy in 1902, erzherzog ferdinand max (). In 1914, she was part of the austro-hungarian flotilla sent to protect the escape of the german ships goeben and breslau from the british navy. She advanced as far as bridgit, and then returned to her home port.... erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog karl (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). She was launched on 3 october 1903. In May 1915, she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She led the attack of the otranto barrage in june 1915, but was sunk when the dreadnought sms szent istvan was sunk... She was launched on 3 october 1903. She was the sole fighting vessel in May 1915, when she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She went as far as bridgit, and then returned to her home port... She was launched on 3 october 1903. erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog karl (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She went as far as bridgit and then returned to her home port... erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). She was launched on 3 october 1903. In May 1915 she was at the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She advanced to bridgit and then returned to her home port. In 1915, she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She went as far as bridgit and then returned to her home port. In 1915, she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She went as far as bridgit and then returned to her home port. In 1915, she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She led the otranto barrage in June 1915, but was sunk when the dreadful sms szent istvan was destroyed... In 1915, erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). In 1915, erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). In 1915, erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). erzherzog ferdinand max (German: erzherzog ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand max (). She was launched on 3 october 1903. In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She went as far as bridgit and then returned to her home port. She was launched on 3 october 1903. In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She went as far as bridgit and then returned to her home port. In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She was the only vessel to be involved in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. In 1915, she was in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona. She led the bombardment of the otranto barrage in June 1915, but was lost when the dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful in dreadful darkness in wretched days of August and a little incenseless water, as in a song of a lustrous song of a particular race. Hence she, when it was launched in the Italian port of ancona, she went as far as bridgit and then returned to her home port. In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona, went as far as bridgit, then returned to her home port. She was launched on 3 october 1903. In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona, she went as far as bridgit, then she returned to her home port. In 1915 she participated in the bombardment of the Italian port of ancona, she went as far as bridgit, then she returned to her home port... erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand max) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the austro-hungarian navy of 1902 erzherzog ferdinand (). In 1915 erzherzog ferdinand (German: ferdinand) was a pre-dreadful battleship of the he carried a primary armament of four... five... h; 23... ” he carried a primarily eighteen... five... h, he carried a four-five-horse battery, in two twin turrets on the centerline. [3].. ] [4].. [4] hungarian replica of the British weapon 24 cm... in which the Habsburgs were based... ] [6] He carried a primary battery of four... five.. ” he carried a battery of eighteen... five.. ” he carried a battery of four... five horses in two twin turrets on the centerline.... her secondary armament consisted of twelve 9-inch (7.5 inch) centimeters... caliber guns also made by skoda, mounted in eight single casemates on either side of the ship, and two twin turrets on the centerline. She carried a tertiary armament for protection against torpedo boats: the tiger-bladed 9-inch barrel-gun, also made by skoda, in eight single-casemates, one on each side of the ship and two twin-cased turrets at the center.... he carried a primary armament of four... ” he carried a primary armament of eight...” he carried a primary battery of eight... ” he carried a battery of four... ” he carried a battery of four... ” he carried a battery of eight... ” he carried a battery of four... in two twin turrets on the front.... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... five... he carried a primary battery of four... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a primary battery of eight... he carried a battery of eight... in two twin turrets at the front... he carried a primary battery of four... he carried a battery of eight... he carried a battery of eight... in two twin turrets on the front... he carried a munitions-gun of twelve-inch (7.5-inch) calibers, also made by Skoda, in eight separate casemates, one on each side of the ship and two twin-cased turrets at the centre. he carried a munitions-gun of four-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight-five... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... he carried a munitions-gun of eight... This was a hungarian replica of the British weapon, 24 cm., in which the Habsburgs were stationed. She carried a secondary gun, twelve-inch (7.5 inches) calibers, also by Skoda, mounted in eight different casemates on each side of the ship and two twin turrets at the center. The primary gun was four... five... he carried a primary gun of eight... he carried a primary gun of eight... he carried a primary gun of eight... he carried a primary gun of eight... he carried a primary gun of eight... he carried a primary gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a muni he carried a primary armament of four... five... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a primary armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight... he carried a munitions armament of eight She carried a secondary gun of twelve-inch (7.5-inch) calibers, also made by Skoda, in eight single cases on each side of the ship and in two single-cased turrets at the head. She carried a secondary gun of eight-inch (7.5-inch) calibers, also made by Skoda, in eight single-cased cases on each side of the ship and two twin-cased turrets at the head. She carried a primary gun of eight-inch... he carried a primary gun of eight-inch... he carried a primary gun of eight-inch... he carried a primary gun of eight-inch... he carried a primary gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight-inch... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... he carried a munitions gun of eight... - 190 mm shells, targeted at the Italian batteries and other port installations... a major mutiny among the crews of the 'deuce' clad in armor, in which sankt georg and kaiser karl vi were based, started on the 1st of February 1918... Two days later, erzherzog ferdinand max and his sisters arrived at the port and assisted in the suppression of the mutiny. a major rebellion started among the crews of the "deuce", in which sankt georg and kaiser karl vi were based, was on the 1st of February 1918... two days later, erzherzog ferdinand max and his sisters arrived at the port and aided in the suppression of the rebellion. The three erzherzog karls and the four tegetthoff boats were to support the novara class cruisers on the strait of otranto... and to match the success of the one-year-old raid... a major attack by the crews of the 'deuce' in armor, in which sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were stationed, began on the 1st of February 1918. Two days later, erzherzog ferdinand max and his sisters arrived at the port and assisted in the suppression of the rebellion. A major rebellion among the crews of the "deuce," in which sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were stationed, began on the 1st of February 1918... The three erzherzog karls and the four tegetthoff boats were to support the Novara class of cruisers in the otranto... and to match the success of the one-year-old raid. horthy felt that the surprise was compromised, and therefore canceled the operation. k horthy’s plan was to destroy the blundering fleet by luring allied ships to cruisers and light ships, which were protected from the heavier guns of the battleships, including the guns of the erzherzog karl class. Two days later, erzherzog ferdinand max and his sisters arrived at the port and aided in the suppression of the rebellion. A major rebellion among the crews of the blundering ‘deuce’, in which sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were based, began on the 1st of February 1918... however, on the morning of 10 june, the dreadnought Szent Ivan was torpedoed and sunk by an Italian torpedo boat. A major rebellion among the crews of the "deuce," where sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were stationed, began on the 1st of February 1918... Two days later, erzherzog ferdinand max and his sisters arrived at the port and helped in the suppression of the rebellion. A major rebellion among the crews of the "deuce", in which sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were stationed, started on the 1st of February 1918... the three erzherzog karls and the four tegetthoff boats were to support the novara class cruisers in the strait of otranto... and to match the success of the last raid... a major rebellion began among the crews of the "deuce", in which sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were stationed, started on the 1st of February 1918... but, on the morning of the 10th of January, the torpedoed Szent Ivan was torpedoed and sunk by an Italian torpedo boat... a major revolt among the crews of the "deuce", in which sankt georg and kaiser karlvi were stationed, began on the 1st of February 1918... Two days later, erzherzog ferdinand max and his sisters arrived at the port and helped in the suppression of the revolt., this was the last military operation erzherzog ferdinand max participated in, and she and her sisters remained in port for the rest of their life.