 .... It was a campaign fought by elements of the british eighth army and the lxxvi panzer corps of the german 10th army (armee armee)... the campaign was mainly fought near the Moro river in eastern italy. It was a campaign led by elements of the eighth army of the british army and by the lxxvi panzer corps of the German 10th army (armee armee)... it was a campaign which was the result of the joint assault launched by general Sir Frederick alexander ’s 15th army group, which had the aim of staking the winter line on the german army and thus advancing to pescara, and in the end to rome. From 4 October onwards four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one indian, and one new zealand (including an armoured brigade), attacked the heavily defended German positions along the moro, by which time several exploitable bridgeheads were secured. During the next week, a nearly continuous exchange of combat-fueled activities between the two sides, aimed at keeping each other in check, created a barren defensive position near orsogna and a narrow pit known as the gully. From 4 October, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one indian and one new zealand, attacked the German positions on the moro, where, at the time, several exploitable bridges were secured. During the next week, a very continuous exchange of combat-fueled activities between the two sides, aimed at keeping each other in check, created a barren defense near Orsogna, and a narrow pit called the gully... In the middle of the week, a nearly constant exchange of combat-fueled activities between the two sides, which aimed to keep each other in check, created a barren defensive position near Orsogna, and a narrow gully called the gully. On the 20th of December, the line was attacked by both corps. The march was mainly made on the Moro river in eastern Italy... From October 4 on, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one indian, and one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the heavily defended German positions along the moro, and secured several strong bridges. This campaign was a joint assault by the 15th army of Sir Frederick Alexander, led by the fifteenth army of Sir Frederick Alexander, who had a plan to attack the winter line on the german army, and in the end to rome. It was a campaign fought mainly on the Moro River in eastern Italy. Then from 4 October four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the heavily defended German positions, and secured several strong bridges. The next week there was a nearly constant exchange of combat activities between the two sides, which aimed at keeping each other in check, created a barren defense near Orsogna, and a narrow gully called the gully. The march was mainly on the Moro river in eastern Italy. From October 4th on, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the German positions on the moro, where, at the time, several bridges were built. During the week, almost continuous combat activities between the two sides, aimed at keeping each other in check, created a barren defensive position near Orsogna and a narrow pit called the gully. Although both Ortona and Villa grande were captured by the end of december, general fatigue among the allied forces prevented the capture of orsogna and the march to pescara. The march was mainly carried out on the Moro river in eastern Italy. The campaign was a joint assault by the fifteenth army of Sir Frederick Alexander, led by the fifteenth army of Sir Frederick Alexander, who wanted to stake the winter line on the german army and to advance to pescara and ultimately to rome. From 4 October to 4 October, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, and one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the German positions on the moro, and secured several bridges. Then, from 4 October on, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the German positions on the moro, where several bridges were secured. Then, from 4 October on, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, and one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the heavily defended German positions on the moro, and they secured several bridges. In the middle of the week, almost continuous combat between the two sides, aimed at keeping each other in check, created a barren defense near Orsogna, and a narrow gully called the gully. From 4 October, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the German positions on the moro, where at that time several bridges were made. In october the eighth army had crossed the bifurno and pushed the german troops from the volturno, stricken by logistical difficulties, they could not attack the next line of defenses (the barbara line) behind the trigno river until 2 november. It was a joint attack by the fifteenth army of Sir Frederick Alexander, led by the fifteenth army of Sir Frederick Alexander, who had a plan to take the winter line on the German army and advance to pescara and eventually to Rome. The march was mainly carried out on the Moro river in eastern Italy. The campaign was mainly carried out on the Moro river in eastern Italy. The eighteenth army of the british army and the eighteenth army of the German army led by the eighteenth army of Sir Frederick Alexander, who had an aim to take the winter line on the German army and thus advance to Rome and ultimately to Rome. The eighteenth army of the british army and the eighteenth army of the German army, led by the eighteenth army, attacked the German positions on the moro, where they secured several bridges. From four October on, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the German positions on the moro, where at the time several bridges were secured. From 4 October on, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the German positions on the moro, where several bridges were secured. In the middle of the week, almost continuous combat between the two sides, aimed at keeping each other in check, created a barren defense near Orsogna and a narrow gully called the gully. On the 20th of December, both corps were attacked by both arms. In october, the eighth army crossed the bifurno and forced the german troops from the volturno, in the midst of logistical difficulties, they could not attack the next line of defense (the barbara line) behind the trigno river until 9 november. The march was mainly on the Moro river in eastern Italy. In October, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one new zealand, led by an armoured brigade, attacked the heavily defended German positions on the moro, defending several bridges. During the next week, almost continuous combat The forward elements of the eighth army came into contact with the defended defences of the German winter line, which was set up high on the north side of the sangro river. The main attack on the sangro by the v corps (composer-general charles allfrey), which included the british 78th infantry division (major @ General vyvyan evelegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major @ General dudley russell) was supported and dispensed with further attacks by the 2nd new zealand division (composer-general bernard freyberg) and xii corps (composer-general miles c. dempsey) was delayed by bad weather until late november. The forward troops of the eighth army were at the crossroads of the German winter line, which was high up on the north bank of the sangro. The German defenses of the sangro were attacked by the v corps, general charles allfrey, which included the british 78th infantry division (major @ General vyvyan evelegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major @ General dudley russell) were strengthened and dispensed with the attacks of the 2nd new zealand division (composer-general bernard freyberg) and the xii corps (composer-general miles c. dempsey) was delayed by the bad weather until late november. The Germans, having spent several days of fighting, abandoned themselves to the defenses they had constructed on the north bank of the moro. The German troops, having spent several days in combat, abandoned themselves to the defenses they had constructed on the north bank of the moro. The forward troops of the eighth army met the defended defenses of the German winter line, which was set up high on the north bank of the moro. The Germans, having been in a battle for several days, had given up trying to fight on the northern bank of the moro. The 78th infantry division, which had been the principal support for v corps since the March marches and had had more than 750,000 casualties in less than six months, was repelled by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major @ general vyvyan evelegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major @ general dudley russell) were strengthened and dispensed with the attacks of the 2nd new zealand division (major @ general bernard freyberg) and xii corps (major dr miley) was delayed by the bad weather till late november. The forward troops of the eighth army met the defended defenses of the German winter line, which was high on the north bank of the Moro. The 78th infantry division, which had been a general of the v corps since the volturno line attacks and had sustained nearly 7, 000 casualties in less than six months, was relieved by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major dr miley), ready to renew the assault on 5 december 1943. The forward troops of the eighth army met the defended defenses of the German winter line, which was situated on the north bank of the moro. The 78th infantry division, which had been a principal support to the v corps since March’s march and had been suffering more than 7, 000 casualties in less than six months, was repelled by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major @ General vyvyan evelegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major @ General dudley russell), was strengthened and dispensed with the attacks of the 2nd new zealand division (major @ General vyvyan evelegh) and Xii corps (major dr miley) was delayed by the bad weather till late november. The forward troops of the eighth army met the defended defences of the German winter line, which was high on the north bank of the moro. The German troops, having been in battle for several days, abandoned themselves to the defences of the north bank of the moro. The German soldiers, having spent several days in battle, abandoned themselves to the defenses of the north bank of the moro. The German soldiers, having spent several days fighting, abandoned themselves to the defenses they had constructed on the north bank of the moro. The German defenses of the moro were attacked by the v corps, general charles allfrey, which included the british 78th infantry division (major at general vyvyan evelegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major at general dudley russell) were strengthened and disgorged from the attacks of the 2nd new zealand division (major at general bernard freyberg) and the xii corps (major at the xii corps) was delayed by the bad weather until late november. The 78th infantry division, which had been the principal support of v corps since the March attacks, had suffered more than 750,000 casualties in less than six months, was repelled by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major at general dudley russell), and in addition the 8th indian infantry division was placed in The Germans, having spent several days in combat, abandoned themselves to the defenses of the north bank of the moro. The forward troops of the eighth army met the defenses of the German winter line, which was high on the north bank of the moro. The 78th infantry division, which had been the chief support of the v corps since March's march and which had suffered more than 7, 000 casualties in less than six months, was repelled by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major vyvyan evelegh), and the 8th Indian infantry division (major vyvyan evelegh) were strengthened and put off the attacks of the 2nd new zealand division (major vyvyan evelegh) and Xii corps (major dr miley) was delayed by the bad weather until late november. The forward troops of the eighth army encountered the defended defenses of the German winter line, which was situated on the north bank of the moro. The German soldiers, having spent several days in battle, abandoned themselves to the defenses of the north bank of the moro. The 78th infantry division, which had been a major support to the v corps since March, and had received nearly 7, 000 casualties in less than six months, was repelled by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major vyvyan evelegh), and the 8th Indian infantry division (major vyvyan evelegh) was strengthened and withdrew from the attacks of the 2nd new zealand division (major vyvyan evelegh) and Xii corps (major dr miley) was delayed by the bad weather until late november. The forward troops of the eighth army met the defended defenses of the German winter line, which was high on the north bank of the moro. The 78th infantry division, which had been a major support for v corps since the march of March, and had suffered more than 7, 000 casualties in less than six months, was repelled by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major at general vyvyan e “... ernst on 20 décembre... and, further inland, facing Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division... ernst... gunther baade on 20 décembre, and, farther inland, was the 26th panzer division (26. panzer division), under brigadier general smilo freiherr von luttwitz, with their right flank on orsogna. ernst on 20 décembre... and further inland, against Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division (65th infantry division), under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute, and 5th mountain division ( 5th gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel.... ’ ernst... gunther baade on 20 décembre... and farther inland, the 26th panzer division (26th panzer division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division ( 5th gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general smilo freiherr von luttwitz, with their right flank on orsogna. On 6 December 1943, the canadian forces began a series of large, " ---- scale attacks on major crossing points on the moro river in order to secure a large bridge. The three primary targets were: villa rogatti, on the western edge of the canadian sector, San Leonardo, 5 km (2.5.. 1 mi) south of ortona, and San Donato, a small town on the italian coast.... ernst... gunther baade on 20 décembre, and, farther inland, the 26th panzer division (26th panzer division), under brigadier general smilo freiherr von luttwitz, with their right flank on orsogna.... ernst on 20 décembre... and, farther inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division ( 5th gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel... On the evening of the 6th of December 1943, the canadian forces began a series of big, great attacks on the major crossing points of the Moro River in order to secure a large bridge. The three primary targets were: villa rogatti, on the western edge of the canadian sector, San Leonardo, 5 km (2.5, 1 mi) south of Ortona, and San Donato, a small town on the italian coast... ernst on 20 décembre, and further inland, the 26th panzer division (26th panzer division), under brigadier general smilo freiherr von luttwitz, with their right flank on orsogna. The five infantry battalions were chosen to attack these positions with the object of crossing the moro river. ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division (5th gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel. ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division (5th gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel... The 5th infantry battalion was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Col. Bethelware, who was in charge of the expeditions. On the evening of the 6th of December 1943, the canadian forces began to attack the major crossing points on the Moro River in order to secure a large bridge. The three targets were: villa rogatti, on the western edge of the canadian sector, San Leonardo, -2.5 - 1 mi, south of Ortona, and San Donato, a small city on the italian coast... ernst on 20 décembre, and, farther inland, the 26th panzer division, under brigadier general smilo freiherr von luttwitz, with the right flank on orsogna. ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and further inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division ( 5th gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and further On the evening of 6 December 1943 the Canadian army began to attack the major crossing points on the Moro River to secure a bridge. The three targets were: Villa rogatti, on the western edge of the canadian sector, San Leonardo, about 2.5 - 1 mi south of Ortona, and San Donato, a small city on the italian coast... ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel. ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, was the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the parachute, and the 5th mountain division, under brigadier general julius ringel... ernst on 20 décembre, and farther inland, under Xii corps, the 65th infantry division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the par Done with the north, the company has continued to challenge the 200th panzergrenadier regiment (int. 103rd panzergrenadier regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies are now in the vicinity of Villarogatti, the german panzergrenadier force has maintained strong defences on the outskirts of the town. However, the c company went on proceeding along the eastern side of the town, encountering significant resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331/30 Panzergrenadier regiment)... although two canadian infantry companies were stationed in the vicinity of Villarogatti, the German panzergrenadier force has kept strong defenses against the south side of the town. Although two canadian infantry companies are now located near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, though fighting for a long time, has maintained a strong defense of the surrounding suburbs. Nevertheless, the company continued on the eastern side of the city, encountering heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331/30 Panzergrenadier regiment). However, the company continued to fight the south of the city, the German Panzergrenadier regiment. Despite two Canadian infantry companies in the vicinity of Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, though fighting a long time, held a strong defense against the south. In the afternoon, two infantry companies of the ppclis were able to hold out against several attacks from the german forces, and managed to push them back to the vineyards on the north side of the city. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now located near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, although having long been fighting, has defended the suburbs. However, the company continued on its march along the eastern side of the town, encountering very heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331/30 Panzergrenadier regiment). This afternoon, two infantry companies of the ppclis were able to hold out against several attacks from the germans and managed to push them back to the vineyards on the north side of the city. Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, having long been fighting, had defended the suburbs. The company continued its march to the east, encountering very heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331). However, the company continued to fight the south side of the city, the German Panzergrenadier regiment. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now located near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, although having long been fighting, has maintained strong defenses on the outskirts of the town. Despite two Canadian infantry companies in the vicinity of Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, despite long fighting, held strong defenses on the outskirts. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now in the vicinity of Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, though having fought for a long time, held strong defenses on the outskirts. However, the company continued to march along the outskirts of the town, encountering very heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment. He said that although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, despite the long fight, had defended the suburbs. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, although having fought for a long time, had held a strong defence against the south. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, although having been fighting for a long time, has been defending the suburbs. The company continued its march eastward, encountering very heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331). However, the company went on the eastern side of the town, encountering heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331). In the afternoon, two infantry companies of the ppclis were able to resist some attacks from the germans and had pushed them back to the vineyards on the north side. The company continued its march eastward, encountering very heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier regiment (331). Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, although long in battle, defended the south. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier regiment, though having been fighting for a long time, had maintained strong defenses in the north. The company remained on the eastern side of the city, encountering heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier Regiment (361st Panzergrenadier Regiment). However, the company continued on the eastern side of the city, encountering heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier Regiment (331). Despite two Canadian infantry companies now located near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, despite its long fighting, defended the suburbs. Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, despite its long fighting, stood up to the south. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, although having been fighting for a long time, protected the suburbs. This afternoon, two infantry companies of the ppclis were able to resist several attacks from the germans and was able to push them back to the vines on the north side. Although two Canadian infantry companies are now stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, although having been fighting for a long time, defended the suburbs. However, the company continued its march to the east, encountering very heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier Regiment (331). Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, although fighting for a long time, defended the suburbs. Then the company entered the north, but the enemy was pulled off the north. In the morning of the 5th of December, the men of the region of leonardo were arrested and two additional seaforth companies took part in the assault. The Germans arrived at San Leonardo, with heavy casualties, and a heavy advance. As a result of the war, the company returned to the north, where they began to fight the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (int. 103rd Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Despite the presence of two Canadian infantry companies near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, though long in battle, had defended the north. Two Canadian infantry companies were now stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, although having fought for a long time, had held firm defences in the south. Despite the presence of two Canadian infantry companies near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, though battling for a long time, had defended the north. Then the company pushed on eastward, encountering heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier Regiment (361st Panzergrenadier Regiment). Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, though having fought for a long time, was still defending the south. Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, although long in battle, held strong defenses in the south. The company continued on its march towards the north, but the enemy was brought back from the north. However, the company continued on its march towards the south, encountering heavy resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier Regiment. Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment, although having long in battle, held strong defenses on the south. In the afternoon, two infantry companies of the Prussian Regiment were able to resist some attacks from the germans and managed to push them back to the vines on the north side. Then the company moved into the north, but the enemy was driven back into the north. In the morning of the 5th of December, the men of Leonardo, taken to the fort, and two seaforth companies were taken to the south. Although two Canadian infantry companies were stationed near Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier Regiment But, as the three seaforth companies came in vain, the 26th panzer regiment's armoured companies attacked the positions west of San Leonardo, and killed 129 people on the german forces. Then, however, the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, as the 26th panzer regiment's armoured companies reinforced the attack. " San Leonardo was attacked by the hastings and prince edward regiment. In support of the seaforth highlanders, two rifle companies came to the aid of the seaforth highlanders, as the seaforth b company attacked the west of San Leonardo, causing 129 casualties on the german forces in the area. San Leonardo was attacked by the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment responded with two rifle squadrons in support of the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. But, as the three enemy squadrons had failed, the 26th Panzer Regiment’s armoured brigade attacked the west of San Leonardo and killed 129 people on the german side. At the end of 6 december, the well-defended German shore defences in the vicinity were threatened, despite the inclusion of tanks and artillery. Then the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, as the 26th panzer regiment’s brigade reinforced the attack. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment responded by sending two rifle squadrons to support the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, as the b company attacked the west of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. At the end of 6 December, the defenses of the German shore against tanks and artillery were threatened. Then, however, the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, because the 26th Panzer Regiment's armoured companies reinforced the attack. However, the attack on San Leonardo slowed down because the 26th Panzer Regiment's armoured companies retreated. The 48th Canadian and Prince Philippe's canadian infantry resumed their assault on San Leonardo from the southwest side of the city, the royal canadian regiment (rcr) would break out of the bridge on the southwest of San Leonardo, and re-enter the south to converge with the 48th and ppcli... San Leonardo was attacked by the Hastings and Prince Philippe Regiment. At nightfall, the german defenses still had control of San Donato, the Hastings and Prince Philippe regiment withdrawing to the south bank of the Moro river. At the end of December the German defenses against tanks and artillery were threatened, despite the presence of tanks and artillery. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The 48th Canadian and Prince Philippe's canadian infantry continued to attack San Leonardo, from the southwest side of the city, the royal Canadian regiment (rcr) broke out of the bridge on the southwest side of San Leonardo and converged with the 48th and ppcli. Then, however, the attack on San Leonardo slowed down because the 26th Panzer Regiment's armoured company reinforced it. At nightfall, the german defenses still seized San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince Philippe regiment, withdrawing to the south bank of the Moro. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment sent two rifle squadrons to support the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. However, the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, because the 26th panzer regiment reinforced the attack. At nightfall the German defenses still possessed San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince Philippe Regiment withdrawing to the south bank of the Moro river. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The hastings and Prince Edward Regiment responded with two rifle squadrons to support the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. But, as the three assault squadrons had failed, the 26th Panzer Regiment's armoured brigade attacked the west of San Leonardo and killed 129 on the german side. Then the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, because the 26th Panzer Regiment's armoured brigade reinforced the attack. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The 48th Canadian and Prince Philippe's canadian infantry took up their assault on San Leonardo from the southwest side, the royal Canadian regiment (rcr) broke out of the bridge on the southwest side of San Leonardo and converged with the 48th and ppcli. However, the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, because the 26th panzer regiment reinforced the attack. At nightfall the German defenses still possessed San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince Philippe regiment went away to the south bank of the Moro. At nightfall, the German defenses still seized San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince Philippe regiment went away to the south bank of the Moro. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, in support of the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, were sent two rifle squadrons to support the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo, killing 129 men on the german side. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment responded by sending two rifle squadrons to defend the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment were sent by two rifle squadrons to support the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo, killing 129 men on the german side. Then the attack on San Leonardo slowed down, because the 26th panzer Regiment reinforced the attack. At the end of 6 December, the German defenses on the shore against tanks and artillery were threatened. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment sent two rifle squadrons to defend the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment sent two rifle squadrons to defend the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo and killed 129 men on the german side. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. At nightfall, the German defenses still seized San Leonardo, and the Hastings and Prince Philippe Regiment left the south bank of the Moro. At nightfall, the German defenses still seized San Leonardo, and the Hastings and Prince Philippe Regiment went to the south bank of the Moro. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment sent two rifle squadrons to defend the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo and killed 129 on the german side. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment sent two rifle squadrons to defend the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment, when the b company attacked the west side of San Leonardo and killed 129 on the german side. But, as the three enemy squadrons failed, the 26th Panzer Regiment attacked the west side of San Leonardo and killed 129 on the german side. San Leonardo was attacked by Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment. The 48th Canadian and Prince Philippe's canadian infantry resumed their attack on San Leonardo from the south side of the city, the royal Canadian regiment (rcr) broke out of the bridge on the southwest of San Leonardo and came to the south toconverge with the 48th and ppcli. As the 48th highlanders strengthened their positions west of San Leonardo, the royal canadian regiment was engaged in a fierce fight south of San Donato. Two companies had entered on strong and well prepared german defences against the 200th panzergrenadier regiment. As the 48th highlanders expanded their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment engaged in a fierce battle south of San Donato. Two companies had built strong and well-prepared german defenses against the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment. Two companies had entered on strong and well-prepared german defenses against the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment. In the evening of 8 / 9 december the regiment was confronted by counterattacks by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was repulsed by continuous canadian artillery shelling. The 48th highlanders strengthened their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders expanded their camp west of San Leonardo, the royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. Two companies had built strong and well-prepared german defenses against the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment. In the evening of 8 and 9 december, the regiment was met with counterattacks by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was impeded by continuous canadian artillery shelling. In the morning, the bridge of moro was completed, enabling the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to transport two companies of seaforth highlanders across the river into San Leonardo. Then, in the morning, san leonardo was cleared of German defenders, although strong positions still existed outside the city. In an hour the calgary tanks had broken through german positions near sterlen castle, and two companies of the 48th highlanders and the Princess patricia s canadian light infantry to seize positions in San Leonardo. The 48th highlanders established their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders established their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce battle south of San Donato. Two companies had constructed a strong and well-prepared German defense against the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment. In the morning, the bridge of moro was finished, allowing the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to take two companies of seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. In the evening of 8 and 9 december, the regiment was under assault by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was dispelled by continuous Canadian artillery shelling. The 48th highlanders strengthened their camp west of San Leonardo, the royal Canadian regiment was fighting fiercely south of San Donato. The 48th highlanders stretched their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce battle south of San Donato. In the morning, the bridge of moro was completed, which enabled the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to transport two companies of seaforth highlanders across the river into San Leonardo. In the evening of 8 and 9 december the regiment was attacked by counterattacks by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was defended by the continuous artillery and air support. In the morning, as canadian crossed the moro, the division of new zealand attacked with a two-feather attack on orsogna. A big surprise was reached when traugott herr, the commander of the lxxvi panzer corps, was persuaded that the new zealanders would not be able to launch a major attack until 8 december. As the 48th highlanders stretched their camp west of San Leonardo, the royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders expanded their camp west of San Leonardo, the royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce battle south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders extended their camp west of San Leonardo, the royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. Two companies had built strong and well-prepared German defenses against the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment. In the morning, the bridge of moro was completed, enabling the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to carry two companies of seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. In the morning, the bridge of moro was completed, enabling the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to transport two companies of seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. On the evening of 8 and 9 December, the regiment was smitten by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was stopped by continuous Canadian artillery fire. The 48th highlanders expanded their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was in a fierce fight south of San Donato. In the morning, as canadian crossed the river, the division of new zealand attacked with a two-feather attack on Orsogna. In the morning, as canadian crossed the river, the division of new zealand attacked with a two-feather attack on Orsogna. In the morning, the bridge of moro was finished, allowing the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to take two seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. Then the 24th infantry battalion, the 52nd defenders, had no chance of making a move and were discouraged by heavily fortified positions. The 48th highlanders stretched their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders stretched their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce battle south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders stretched their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce battle south of San Donato. As the 48th highlanders stretched their camp west of San Leonardo, the Royal Canadian regiment was fighting a fierce fight south of San Donato. As the bridge of moro was completed, the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) were allowed to transport two ships of seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. In the morning, as the canadian crossed the river, the Royal Canadian regiment slammed Orsogna; In the morning, as the canadian crossed the river, the Royal Canadian regiment slammed Orsogna. Then, in the morning, the 24-th infantry battalion, the 52nd army, could not move forward and were discouraged by the heavily fortified positions, but the combination of concealed mines and well-constructed german armor made the task of the allied tanks impossible. In the morning, the bridge of moro was completed, enabling the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to take two seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. In the morning, the bridge of moro was completed, enabling the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the Calgary regiment) to transport two companies of seafarers across the river into San Leonardo. The 48th Highlanders expanded their camp west of San Leonardo, the royal Canadian regiment was in a fierce battle south of San Donato. On the evening of 8 and 9 December, the troops of the New Zealand retreated against the mayoral and artillery. On the evening of 8 and 9 December, the New Zealand tank was defeated by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was dispelled by continuous Canadian artillery fire. In the morning, the New Zealand troops rushed to San Leonardo, but there ‘ In the early hours of 8 december, the new zealand commander bernard freyberg ordered the withdrawal of his forces from the city, with the aim of strengthening the attack, when artillery and bombers had started to increase their numbers. Then, in the early hours of 8 december, the New zealand commander—Bernard Freyberg—ordered a withdrawal from the city, with the intention of renewing the attack, once more softening the attacks of artillery and bombers... And then in the morning of 8 december the new zealand commander, bernard freyberg, ordered to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack, when artillery and bombers had already begun to increase. In the morning of 8 december, the new zealand commander—Bernard Freyberg—ordered to withdraw his troops from the city, with the aim of resuming the attack, and softening the attacks of artillery and bombers. “The new zealand commander, Bernd Freyberg, ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, to strengthen the attack, when artillery and bombers had begun to increase. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack, when artillery and bombers had already begun to rise. During the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and to reduce artillery and bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to resume the attack and reduce the attacks of artillery and bombers.... but, as for the German defenses, they were adequately prepared, with armored bunkers, shelters and a sheltered part of the city. “The new zealand commander Bernd Freyberg has ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack, when artillery and bombers have already increased. Then, in the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg has ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. Then in the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg has ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg has ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers... In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg has ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. On the 10th, the three canadian battalions crossed the gully... Although they have succeeded in capturing the vino hill directly south of the gully, the German positions in the ravine were not to be neutralized... In the morning of 8 December, the new zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the new zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce artillery and bombers. On the 10th of December, the three battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade crossed the gully. Although the German infantry of the 90th panzergrenadier division snatched the same ammunition as before, but the German troops were already too dense, and were not even able to hold the position on the reverse slope, because the newcomers arrived, they were forced to withdraw... Then on the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. On the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. Then, on 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and to reduce artillery and bombers. Then, in the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, to strengthen the attack and to reduce artillery and bombers. Then, on 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. On the tenth of December, the three battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade crossed the gully. Although the German infantry of the 90th panzergrenadier division got the same amount of ammunition as before, but the German troops were too heavy and could not hold on to the slope, and if the newcomers were encountered, they were forced to withdraw... In the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. Then, in the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. The morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. The New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. Although the German infantry of the 90th panzergrenadier division snatched the same ammunition as before, but the German troops were too sluggish and could not hold on to the other side, so they had to withdraw... On the morning of 8 December, the New Zealand commander Bernd Freyberg ordered his troops to withdraw from the city, in order to strengthen the attack and reduce the bombers. , the regiment had called in its attacks and taken heavy casualties.... To the west the Princess Pamelia's Canadian light infantry had little to do, taking heavy casualties.... By 14 o'clock, the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and had taken heavy casualties... At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. The princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry, to the west, had little to do and took heavy casualties. On the evening of 13 december the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its positions in the gully by units of the 1st Parachute Division... casa berardi... A week before the 13th december the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its positions in the gully by units of the 1st Parachute Division... At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had pulled back and taken heavy casualties. The regiment had dropped its attacks and taken heavy casualties. The Princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry, to the west, had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. c company, under the command of captain paul triquet, had pushed forward towards Casa berardi with support from the Ontario regiment, while d company found itself in firefights north of Casa berardi. At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had pulled back and taken heavy casualties. I had sent up a more elaborate convoy to capture the manor house at 08.30. Despite the advances of several panzer ivs, the triquet's remaining force captured the manor house at 09.30... At about fourteen o'clock the regiment had withdrawn its convoy and taken heavy casualties. The Princess Pamelia's Canadian light infantry had little to do and took heavy casualties. On the evening of the 13th of December, the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its positions in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division.... At about fourteen o'clock the regiment had withdrawn its convoy and taken heavy casualties. The regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. At about 14 o'clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. The troops of the Princess Pamelia's Canadian light infantry were little engaged, and took heavy casualties. Despite the presence of several panzer ivs, triquet's remaining forces captured the manor house at 14 o'clock... If there were any panzer-ivs in the company, the triquet's remaining force captured the manor house at about ten o'clock. The regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. On the evening of the 13th, the severely depleted 90th Panzer-iv was relieved from its position in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... At about ten o'clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. The regiment had dropped its attacks and taken heavy casualties. The princess-pavrine's Canadian light infantry was little engaged and took heavy casualties. In the evening of the 13th, the severely depleted 90th Panzer-grenadier Division was relieved from its position in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... At about fourteen o'clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. The battle with the Indians was already settled, and montgomery decided to rearrange the British 5th infantry division from the relatively tranquil xii corps in the high mountains, on the left wing of the 8th army, and to match it with the new zealand and the indian divisions... Princess Pamelia's Canadian light infantry had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. During the 13th of December, the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... At about fourteen o'clock, the regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. The regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. At about fourteen o'clock the regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. And on the evening of the 13th, the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its position in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... At about 14 o’clock the regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. During the 13th of December the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its position in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... The regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. The regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. Princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. Princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. Princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. On the evening of the 13th the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its positions in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had withdrawn and taken heavy casualties. At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. Princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. On the evening of the 13th the severely depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its position in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... At about fourteen o’clock the regiment had withdrawn its attacks and taken heavy casualties. During the month of December the heavily depleted 90th Panzergrenadier Division was relieved from its position in the gully by the 1st Parachute Division... The regiment retreated and took heavy casualties. Princess Pamelia’s Canadian light infantry had little to do and suffered heavy casualties. Immediately, the 5th division headquarters and the other brigades had arrived, these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under the command of Lieutenant General Miles dempsey.... to the left of the Canadian division, the 21st brigade, on 13 december, had established a solid bridgehead around the "unreal" bridge... " The 1st battalion royal fusiliers stormed the village in a wild night of combat, while the 5th battalion 5th garrison rifles seized the point of intersection on the left of the garrison, against which all was dashed up by tanks in the afternoon of 14 december. Then a second 8th division brigade, the 17th infantry brigade, passed through and attacked Clicari. At once the headquarters of the 5th division and the other brigades arrived, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey... that evening a 1st battalion 12th frontier force regiment attacked on the left of the gurkhas and established positions on the lateral road between Ortona and Orsogna, parallel to the moro, about 14 mile (105 m) north of the 'unreal' bridge. On the evening of 15 december, a 1st battalion 12th frontier force regiment attacked on the left of the gurkhas, and set up positions on the lateral road between Ortona and Orsogna, parallel to the moro, about 14 miles (105 m) north of the lateral road. Thereafter, the headquarters of the 5th division and the other brigades were arrived, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey... The 5th division headquarters and the other brigades were brought up, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey... meanwhile, at midnight on 15 december, the 5th brigade of the indian division, which had been placed in reserve, attacked the left-hand side of the brigade and dominated the front of the regiment, against which the 5th brigade was shot down by the troops in the afternoon of 15 december. meanwhile, at the time of the new zealand division, electing not to attack orsogna, launched the 5th brigade, a new flank attack to the right of the village... On the evening of 15 december, the 1st battalion, 12th Frontier Force regiment, which had been in reserve, attacked the left flank of the frontier force regiment, advancing in the direction of crecchio and overran a number of german positions... After that, the headquarters of the 5th division and the other brigades were set up, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey. Immediately the 5th division headquarters and the other brigades were set up, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey... After the New Zealand division had chosen not to attack orsogna, they launched the 5th brigade, a new flank assault to the right of the village. In the evening of the 15th, a 1st battalion, 12th frontier force regiment attacked the left of the marching road and took possession of the entire area of the regiment, at about 14 km (103 m) north of the marching road. At night, on 15th, the 1st battalion, 12th frontier force regiment, which had been in reserve, attacked the left flank of the marching road, advancing in the direction of crecchio, and overran a number of german positions... Then the 2nd 8th division brigade, the 17th infantry brigade, passed through and attacked Clicari. Then, at midnight, on 15th December, the 5th brigade of the Indian division, placed in reserve, attacked the left flank of the marching army, dominated the front of the regiment, and the 5th brigade was shot down by the troops on the 15th of December. However, the germans began a counterattack at the end of the day on the eve of 16 december, sending with it the 6th parachute regiment, sent by herr to the 26th panzer division to support the exhausted 9th panzergrenadier... Now that the New Zealand division had decided not to attack Orsogna, they had pushed the 5th brigade, a new assault on the right of the village. The 1st battalion Duke of Grenadier stormed the village in a wild night of battle, while the 5th battalion, 5th brigade, 5th, garrison rifles on the left of the garrison seized the point of intersection on the left of the garrison, and on the right of the garrison a sudden volley of tanks was carried to the left of the bridge. That evening a 1st battalion, 12th Frontier Force regiment attacked on the left of the road and established positions on the lateral road between Ortona and Orsogna, near the moro, about 14 miles (105 meters) north of the lateral road. Immediately the 5th division headquarters and other brigades were established, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey... After the New Zealand division decided not to attack orsogna, the 5th brigade was launched, a new flank attack in the village. At midnight on 15 December, the 5th brigade of the Indian division, placed in reserve, attacked the left-hand side of the regiment and dominated the front of the regiment, against which the 5th brigade was shot down by the troops on the 15th. After the New Zealand division had decided not to attack orsogna, they launched the 5th brigade, a new flank attack on the right of the village. Afterwards, the headquarters of the 5th division and the other brigades were assembled, and these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under Lieutenant General Miles dempsey. At night, on 15th, a 1st battalion 12th frontier force regiment attacked the left of the marching road and dominated the front of the regiment, against which the 5th brigade was shot down by the troops in the afternoon of 15th December. At this the 20th regiment had withdrawn, whereas the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of sherman tanks. The tank fire remained intense and the infantry were divided. The tanks were no longer a threat. In this instance the 20th regiment had withdrawn, whereas the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. In addition, the new zealand division was fighting, and needed a period of consolidation and reorganisation. The tank fire was intense, and the infantry divisions were split. While the german line had been pushed back and the casualties they could not bear, they remained on the stronghold of Orsogna. The tanks were no longer a threat. At this point the 20th regiment had withdrawn, while the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were still fighting fiercely and the infantry divisions were divided. Besides, the new zealand division was in a battle and required consolidation and reorganisation. The 20th regiment had withdrawn, whereas the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. Then the 20th regiment had withdrawn, whereas the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. I think that the tanks were no longer a threat. Tanks were still fighting and the infantry were divided. Meanwhile, the german line had been pushed back, and the casualties they could not bear, they remained on the stronghold of Orsogna. Besides, the new zealand division was in a fight and needed consolidation and reorganisation. The 20th regiment had withdrawn, whereas the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. At this point the 20th regiment had withdrawn, while the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. At this point the 20th regiment had withdrawn, while the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were still fighting fiercely, and the infantry divisions were divided. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the gully the 1st brigade and the Royal Canadian regiment would advance through casa berardi and beat off the German defenses, forcing a withdrawal from the gully. In this case the 20th regiment had withdrawn, while the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were still fighting and the infantry was divided. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the afternoon, two heavily depleted regiments of the royal regiment, the north of the town, fought off a large German counterattack, with the Royal Canadian horse artillery shooting at 360 rounds per hour in support of the Canadian forces. The 20th regiment had withdrawn, while the 20th regiment had attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. In the morning, the two heavily depleted companies of the royal regiment, led by the Royal Canadian regiment, fought off a large German counterattack on Casa berardi, with the Royal Canadian horse artillery shooting five-bladed rounds against the canadian forces. Tanks were still fighting and the infantry were divided. Besides, the new zealand division was in a battle and needed to be consolidated and reorganized. In this case, the 20th regiment withdrawn, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. I think that tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were still fighting and the infantry were divided. The tanks were no longer a threat. At that time the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the morning, the two heavily depleted regiments of the Royal Regiment, under the Royal Canadian Regiment, faced off a German counterattack on Casa Berardi, with the Royal Canadian horse artillery firing five-bladed rounds against the Canadian forces. At this point, the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were still fighting and the infantry was divided. In this case, the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. In this case, the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. In this case, the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the morning, two heavily depleted regiments of the royal regiment, led by the Royal Canadian regiment, battled a large German counterattack at Casa Berardi with the Royal Canadian horse artillery shooting at 360 rounds per hour. Tanks were still fighting and the infantry were divided. At that time the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. At that time the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. At that time the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. In the afternoon, the two heavily depleted regiments of the Royal Regiment, under the Royal Canadian Regiment, fought off a German counterattack at Casa Berardi with the Royal Canadian horse artillery which fired five-bladed rounds at the Canadian forces. The 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the morning, two heavily depleted regiments of the Royal Regiment, led by the Royal Canadian Regiment, were fought off a large German counterattack at Casa Berardi, armed with the Royal Canadian horse artillery which fired five-bladed rounds against the Canadian army. The tanks were no longer a threat. In this case the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. In this case the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the morning the two heavily depleted regiments of the Royal Regiment, under the Royal Canadian Regiment, engaged a great German counterattack at Casa Berardi, with the Royal Canadian horse artillery firing five-bladed rounds. The tanks were still fighting and the infantry were divided. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. In the morning the two heavily depleted regiments of the Royal Regiment, under the Royal Canadian Regiment, fought off a huge German counterattack on Casa Berardi, with the Royal Canadian horse artillery firing five-bladed rounds against the Canadian forces. At that time the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. At this time the 20th regiment retreated, while the 20th regiment attacked Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. The tanks were no longer a threat. At that time the 20th regiment At first the attack went very well.... Both battalions would be supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. As they approached the crosses of the Cideria, the royal canadian regiment would advance north, staking the Cideria itself, and then advance up the Ortona-- @ orsogna- road... If they were approaching the crosses of the Cideria, the royal canadian regiment would advance northwards, staking the Cideria itself, and then advance up the Ortona – and the Orsogna Road – as they approached. But when the artillery raised their barrage, the german defenses quickly recovered, and their machine guns destroyed the advancing troops. The attack was quickly abandoned. The two battalions would be supported by tanks from the Three Rivers regiment. All the platoon commanders were killed or wounded. At first the attack went very well... The two battalions would be supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. As they approached the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment would advance north, staking the Cideria itself, and then advance up the Ortona and the Orsogna Road... At the Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment would advance north, staking the Cideria itself, and then staking the Orsogna road as they approached. But when the artillery raised their barrage, the german defenses quickly recovered, and their machine guns destroyed the advancing troops. Then the attack was quickly abandoned. On the 20th of december the Canadian army tried again and the royal canadian regiment attacked the Cideria... the canadian regiment attacked the Cideria... It was decided that the operation would be successful, and armoured forces of the Three Rivers regiment got to the start line at the hour of 07: 00. All the platoon commanders were killed or wounded. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions were supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. The crosses of the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advanced north, slashed the Cideria itself, then slashed the Orsogna road. But when the artillery was fired, the german defenses quickly recovered, and the machine guns destroyed the advancing troops. At first the attack went very well... Both battalions were supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. At the crosses of the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advanced north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road. But when artillery fired, the german defenses quickly recovered, and the machine guns destroyed the advancing troops. It was decided that the attack would be successful, and the armoured forces of the Three Rivers regiment arrived at the start-line at 07:00. In the evening, the company of b company controlled the crossroads, having met almost no resistance in their advance to the target. Then the attack was abandoned. As they approached the crosses of Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment swarmed northwards, slashed the Cideria itself, and then went up the Ortona and the Orsogna road. Then the attack was abandoned. The two battalions were supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. On the 20th of December, the Canadian army attempted again, and the royal Canadian regiment attacked the Cideria. The royal Canadian regiment attacked the Cideria. The royal Canadian regiment attacked the Cideria. The Cideria crossed, the royal Canadian regiment advanced north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road. But when artillery fired, the german defense quickly recovered, and the machine guns destroyed the advancing troops. Then the attack was abandoned. In the evening, the bnth brigade controlled the crossroads, having met almost no resistance in their effort to reach the spot. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions were supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. The crosses of the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advanced north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road... At the Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, then slashed the Orsogna road. But when the artillery fires, the german defense quickly recovers, and the machine guns destroy the advancing troops. The attack was quickly abandoned. The first attack went very well... The two battalions were supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions were supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. At the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advanced north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road. At the Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road. But when artillery fired, the german defense quickly recovered, and the machine guns destroyed the advancing troops. At the Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road. At the Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, then the Orsogna road, but when artillery fires, the german defense quickly recovers, and the machine guns destroy the advancing troops. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. The soldiers were killed or wounded. The two battalions supported the Three Rivers regiment. On the 20th of December the Canadian army attempted to attack the Cideria, and the Canadian regiment attacked the Cideria... the Canadian regiment attacked the Cideria... The canadian regiment attacked the Cideria... It was decided that the attack would be successful, and armoured forces of the Three Rivers regiment reached the start line at 07:00. The attack was quickly abandoned. The Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then the Orsogna road... but when artillery fires, the german defense quickly recovers, and the machine guns destroy the advancing troops. The first attack went very well... The two battalions supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. The first attack went very well... The first attack went very well... The two battalions supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. As they approached the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advanced north, slashed the Cideria itself, and then slashed the Orsogna road. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. The Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, then slashed the Orsogna road. At first, the attack went very well... The two battalions supported by tanks of the Three Rivers regiment. The crosses of the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashed the Cideria itself, then slashed the Orsogna road, but when artillery fires, the german defense quickly recovers, and the machine guns destroy the advancing troops. On the 20th of December, the Canadian army tried again, and the royal Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the Russian regiment attacks the Cideria, the Russian regiment attacks the Cideria, the Cideria crosses, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, the Cideria itself, and then the Orsogna road. The first attack goes very well... The first attack goes very well... The first attack goes very well... The two battalions support the Three Rivers regiment. On the 20th of December, the Canadian army tried to attack the Cideria, and the Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria... The Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment attacks the Cideria, the canadian regiment attacks the Cideria... The 2nd attack goes very well... At the Cideria, the royal Canadian regiment advances north, slashes the Cideria itself, and then slashes the Orsogna road... but when artillery is fired, the german defense quickly recovers, and the machine guns destroy the advancing troops. The first attack goes Then, at the end of the 26th, the troops of the 8th indian division entered the village to see a pile of rocks... the result was that the village was smashed up. One correspondent described it as “like a giant stepping on a child’s chest of drawers... ” the invaders raided the village and smashed it up. One of the correspondents described it as ‘a giant stepping on a child’s chest of drawers’. Then at the end of the 26th, the troops of the 8th Indian division came to see a pile of rocks, and this did the village a great deal of damage. On 23rd of November, Lieutenant General dempsey’s xii corps launched a new attack on Orsogna. Their object was to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division, and in turn attack northwest and west from the salient in order to pull up the orsogna defenses from north...” The invaders smashed the village. Then at the end of the 26th, the troops of the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks... The result was that the village was smashed. On the 24th of November Lieutenant General dempsey’s army launched a new attack on Orsogna, the purpose of which was to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and attack from the northeast and west from the plateau, to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” One of the correspondents described the raid as “a giant stepping on a child’s chest of drawers”; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; at the end of the 26th the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; this did great damage to the village. In the middle of November, Lieutenant General dempsey's army led a new attack on Orsogna, the object of which was to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and in turn attack northwest and west from the plateau to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” The invaders smashed the village. Then at the end of the 26th the troops of the 8th Indian Division came to the village and saw a heap of rocks; the village was crushed. The invaders raided the village and smashed it. Then at the end of the 26th the 8th Indian Division entered the village and saw a heap of rocks, and this did great damage to the village. One of the correspondents described the raid as “like a giant stepping on a child’s chest of drawers”; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; at the end of the 26th the 8th Indian Division came to the village to see a heap of rocks; it did great damage to the village. On November 23, Lieutenant General dempsey’s army attacked Orsogna, with the purpose of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division and attacking from the northwest and west from the plateau, to gain the orsogna defenses from north. On November 23, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army launched a new attack on Orsogna, with the object of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and then to attack from the northwest and west of the plateau to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” One correspondent described the attack as “like a giant stepping on a child’s chest of drawers”; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; this caused great damage to the village. On the 25th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army took the village, with the aim of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division and attacking from north and northwest from the plateau, in order to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” The invaders attacked the village, and smashed it. At the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; the village was destroyed. The invaders smashed it. One of the correspondents described the raid as ‘like a giant stepping on a child’s chest of drawers’; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; this caused great damage to the village. Then the army of the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; the result was that the village was destroyed. In the middle of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army launched a new attack on Orsogna, in order to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division, and to attack from the north and west of the plateau, in order to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” On the 23rd of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army attacked Orsogna, with the object of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and subsequently attacking from the north and west to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” The invaders took the village and smashed it. Then, at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village and saw a heap of rocks, and it caused a great deal of damage. On the 25th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army took the village, with the object of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and then attacking from the north and west, in order to gain the orsogna defenses from north. The invaders raided the village and smashed it. Then, at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; it caused great damage to the village. One correspondent described the raid as ‘a giant step on a child’s chest of drawers’; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; the 8th Indian Division came into the village to see a heap of rocks; it did great damage to the village. Then, at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village to see a heap of rocks; the result was that the village was destroyed. On the 25th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army invaded Orsogna, aiming to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division and to attack from the north and west from the plateau, to gain the orsogna defenses from north. Then, at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division entered the village and saw a heap of rocks; this caused great damage to the village. The invaders smashed the village. The invaders smashed it. The invaders smashed it. One correspondent described the raid as ‘a giant leaping on a child’s chest of drawers’; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; at the end of the 26th, the 8th Indian Division came to see a heap of rocks; this caused great damage to the village. One correspondent described the raid as ‘a giant step on a child’s chest of drawers’; the enemy attacked the village and smashed it; at the end of the 26th the 8th Indian division came to see a heap of rocks; this caused great damage to the village. The invaders smashed it; The invaders smashed the village; The invaders attacked it, and the invaders smashed it; The invaders smashed it. On the 23rd of November Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army attacked Orsogna, with the aim of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and then attacking from the north and west of the plateau, to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” The 27th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army attacked Orsogna, with the aim of securing the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and then attacking from the north and west to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” On the 27th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army took the village, in order to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and attack from the north and west to gain the orsogna defenses from north. Then the 8th Division entered the village and saw a heap of rocks; it was destroyed. Then at the end of the 26th, the 8th Division entered the village and saw a heap of rocks; this caused great damage to the village. On the 25th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army attacked Orsogna, aiming to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division and attack from the north and west, in order to gain the orsogna defenses from north. On the 24th of November, Lieutenant-General dempsey’s army attacked Orsogna, aiming to secure the flank of the 2nd New Zealand Division, and to attack from the north and west, to gain the orsogna defenses from north.” Then at the end of the 26th the 8th Indian Division entered the village and saw a heap of rocks; the village was destroyed. The invaders attacked the village and smashed it. The invaders attacked the village and Throughout the remainder of the week the battle of Ortona changed into a small, tiny, tenth scale version of the battle of stalingrad, with the vicious house to house fighting through the narrow streets and debris of ortona... During the course of the battle the Canadian army developed novel methods of moving between houses to avoid German bullets firing in the open streets. Over the course of the week the battle of Ortona was turned into a small, tiny, tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the ferocious melee of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The german counterattacks on the 24 and 26 of November made significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. The Canadian army advanced in novel ways to avoid the German bullets flung in the open streets. During the course of the battle the Canadian army developed new ways to move between houses so as not to have German bullets firing in the open streets. The German attack on the 24 and 26 of November caused a significant loss of lives to the canadian forces in Ortona. During the course of the week the battle of Ortona turned into a small, tiny, tenth scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce battle of houses to houses in the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona. During the course of the week the battle of Ortona changed into a small, tiny tenth scale adaptation of the battle of Stallop, with the vicious battle of houses against houses through the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona. In the course of the battle, the Canadian army developed new methods of moving between houses in order not to be fired by German bullets in the open streets. The german counterattacks on the 24 and 26 of November caused a significant casualty to the Canadian forces in Ortona. On the 24th of November, the German counterattacks on the 24 and 26 of November made a significant loss of lives to the Canadian forces in Ortona. The German counterattacks on the 24 and 26 of November caused significant casualties to the canadian forces in Ortona. The snow, sleet, and stormy winds paralyzed the movement and communications of the ground, while the cloud ceiling and visibility dropped to zero and grounded the air force. In the course of the week the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny, tenth scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses against houses in the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny, tenth scale adaptation of the battle of Stallop, with the ferocious clash of houses against houses in the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona. The german counterattacks on the 24th and 26th of November made significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the battle of Stallop, with the fierce battle of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona was turned into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the vicious combat of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The German attack on the 24 and 26 of November caused a significant casualty to the Canadian forces in Ortona. The german attack on the 24 and 26 of November caused a significant casualty to the Canadian forces in Ortona. Montgomery, realizing that the eighth army did not have the strength or the conditions to drive its way to Pescara and the via valeria to Rome, advised general alexander that the eighth army should be put to rest. The Canadian army developed new ways of moving between houses to avoid German bullets firing in the open streets. During the week, the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with a fierce battle of houses to houses in the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona. The twilight snow, sleet, stormy winds paralyzed the movement and communications of the earth, while the cloud ceiling and the visibility was lowered and grounded the air force. In the course of the week, the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the ferocious combat of houses against houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The German attack on the 24 and 26 of November caused a significant casualty to the Canadian forces in Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the vicious fight of houses against houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses against houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The german attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. The German attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona was turned into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the vicious clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The German attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. During the week, the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny, tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses against houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week, the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses against houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The German attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. The German attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. During the week, the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses against houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The german attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. The week the battle of Ortona was changed into a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The German attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in Ortona. In the course of the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. During the week the battle of Ortona became a small, tiny tenth-scale adaptation of the stalingrad battle, with the fierce clash of houses to houses in the narrow streets and debris of Ortona. The german attack on the 24th and 26th of November caused significant casualties to the Canadian forces in