 bl. Leslie andrew [bl.], brigadier, Leslie Wilton andrew vc. dso (April 23, 1897 – June 8, 1969) was a former officer in the New Zealand army, a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honor of the British commonwealth for gallantry “in the face of the enemy,” he was a decoration for his action in the battle of Passchendaele in 1917... [dso] dso (April 23, 1897 – June 8, 1969) was a former officer in the New Zealand army, a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honor of the British commonwealth, for gallantry in the face of the enemy, and a decoration for his actions at Passchendaele in 1917... dso (dso) (bl.) (bl.) (bet.) (bl.) [bl.], brigadier, Leslie Wilton andrew (bl.), a brigadier, Leslie Wilton, bl., brigadier, Leslie Wilton andrew [bl.] (born: 30 April 1897], New Zealand, was a past colonel of the New Zealand Army, a former medallion (of the British Empire) and a great honour of the Victoria Cross, the highest award of the British Empire for a gallantry in the face of the enemy, a decoration for his performance at Passchendaele in 1917. In 1897, Léonard Wilton (bl.) (bl.) (bl.) (bl.) – brigadier, Leslie Wilton (bl.) – a brigadier, Leslie Wilton andrew (bl.) – a brigadier, Leslie Wilton andrew vc. – dso (bl.) – dso (bl.) – brigadier, Leslie Wilton andrew (bl.) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) (dso) – dso (dso) – (dso) – (dso) – (dso) (bl.) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso (dso) – dso – dso – dso (dso) – dso – dso – dso (dso) – dso (bl.) – dso – dso (dso) – dso – dso – dso (dso) – dso – dso – dso (bl.) – d Lenard Wilton (bl.) - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - brigadier, Leslie Wilton - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso - dso dso (bl.) (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso - dso - dso - dso - dso dso (bl.) (bl.) (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (bl.) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (d Andrey Arnaghievitch, Bl., A., A., Bl., Bl., Bl., Bl., A., Bl., A., A., A., Bl., Bl., bl., Bl. dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (dso) dso (d He was present at the Battle of Flers, at the beginning of the month of September, and was wounded. The end of the battle of Messines coincided with the start of the Somme offensive. In April 1917 he was promoted to corporal, and participated in the Battle of Messines the following month. He was present at the Battle of Flers at the beginning of September and was wounded. He was promoted to corporal in April 1917 and was to participate in the Battle of Messines the following month. The end of the battle of Messines coincided with the start of the Somme campaign. During the early phases of the battle of Passchendaele, andrew's battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of la basseville, a few kilometres south of Messines. Using artillery, the wellingtons began to advance towards the village. After the Battle of Flers, at the beginning of September, he was wounded. He was present at the Battle of Flers, and was wounded. He was promoted to corporal in April 1917 and to participate in the Battle of Messines the following month. The battle of Messines coincided with the start of the Somme offensive. During the first phase of the Passchendaele battle, André’s battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of La basseville, a few kilometres from Messines. During the advance, he noticed another machine gun post and took a hold of the flank of another platoon. In the first stages of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s musketry by taking two sections, to destroy a machine gunpost. In April 1917, André was promoted to corporal, and in the following month he would participate in the Battle of Messines. The end of the battle of Messines coincided with the start of the Somme campaign. In the first phase of the Passchendaele campaign, André's battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of la basseville, a few kilometres from Messines. He was at the Battle of Flers at the beginning of September and was wounded. In April 1917 he was promoted to corporal, and was to participate in the Battle of Messines the following month. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André was wounded. After the Battle of Flers, he was wounded. He was at the Battle of Flers, and was wounded. At the first stage of the Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. After the Battle of Flers, he was wounded. In the first stages of the Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery, and took two sections to annihilate a machine gun. Then he and his men went to his original objective. In the first stage of the Passchendaele campaign, André's battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of La basseville, a few kilometres from Messines. During the first phase of the Passchendaele campaign, André's battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of La basseville, a few kilometres from Messines. At the beginning of the Battle of Flers, André was wounded. He was wounded at the beginning of September. At the beginning of the Battle of Flers, André was wounded. At the beginning of September, André was wounded. After the Battle of Flers, he was wounded. In April 1917, André was promoted to corporal, and the next month he would participate in the Battle of Messines. In the first Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery, took two sections and annihilated a machine gun. After the Battle of Flers, he was wounded. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André was wounded. The citation read: "for the most conspicuous bravery, in the course of an attack on the enemy's position... " In April 1917, André was promoted to corporal, and in the following month he would participate in the Battle of Messines. The end of the Battle of Messines coincided with the start of the Somme. I was wounded at the beginning of September. At the beginning of September, André was wounded. At the beginning of September, André was wounded. At the beginning of September, André was wounded. In the first phase of the Passchendaele campaign, André’s battalion was fighting around the village of La basseville, a few kilometres from Messines. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first phase of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first stage of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first stage of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of the Battle of Flers, André was wounded. In the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André was wounded. In April 1917, André was promoted to corporal and he would participate in the Battle of Messines the following month. In the first phase of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first phase of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. After the Battle of Flers, André was wounded. In the first phase of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first phase of the Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the first Battle of Messines, André was wounded. At the first Battle of Messines, André’s battalion saw the enemy’s artillery, and took In the first month of the Battle of Messines, André's battalion engaged in fighting around the village of La basseville, a few miles from Messines. In the first month of the Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of the Battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André's battalion saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In April 1917, André was promoted to corporal and was to participate in the Battle of Messines the next month. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the first battle of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy's artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André saw In the first phase of the Passchendaele campaign, André’s battalion was engaged in fighting in the village of La basseville, a few miles from Messines. At the beginning of the Passchendaele campaign, André’s battalion was engaged in fighting in the village of La basseville, a few miles from Messines. In the first phase of the Passchendaele campaign, André’s battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of La basseville, a few miles from Messines. At the beginning of the Passchendaele campaign, André’s battalion was fighting around the village of La basseville, a few miles from Messines. In the first phase of the Passchendaele campaign, André’s battalion was fighting around the village of La basseville, a few miles from Messines. At the beginning of the first battle of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. At the beginning of Messines, André was wounded. In the first battle of Messines, André saw the enemy’s artillery and took two sections to destroy a machine gun. At the beginning of Messines, André was , andrey was commissioned a second lieutenant in March 1918, but he was still in England until the end of the war.... While in England, he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... Russian Grigory, who had been discharged from the army in the year 1918, he joined the staff of the New Zealand, and spent the next few years in various administrative posts. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England till the end of the war... During his stay in England he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... from 1927 to 1929 he served with the light infantry of the north of british india on an exchange program... Russian Grigory was discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service of the New Zealand, and served for a few years in administrative affairs. He was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England till the end of the war. In England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... in 1937, being promoted to captain, he directed the contingent sent to London for the coronation of the King George VI and Princess Elisabeth. On leaving the service in 1918, Grigory entered the service of New Zealand, and worked for several years in various administrative positions. He was appointed second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. While in England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... But one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who had been discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service of New Zealand, served in the service for a few years, and then in the service of New Zealand, serving for a few years in various administrative affairs. He was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England until the end of the war... In 1937, being promoted to captain, he was assigned to the contingent sent to London for the coronation of the King George VI and Princess Elisabeth. In England he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... During his stay in England he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory was discharged from the army in 1918, joined the service of New Zealand, served for a few years in administrative affairs, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England till the end of the war... Andrey was commissioned a second lieutenant in March 1918, but was still in England until the end of the war. During the war, he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who was discharged from the army in 1918, entered the service of New Zealand, served for a few years in the administrative service, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918, Grigory was transferred from the service to New Zealand, and served for several years in various administrative posts. In 1937, he was promoted to captain, and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... But one of the children died in childhood... In England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who was discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service in New Zealand, worked in various administrative positions for a few years, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. He joined the New Zealand army in 1918, served in the service for a few years, worked in the service for a few years, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war... During his stay in England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... But one of the children died in childhood... In 1918, Grigory was expelled from the army and served in New Zealand for a few years. He was appointed second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England till the end of the war. Russian Grigory was dismissed from the service in 1918, entered the service of New Zealand, served for several years in administrative affairs, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918, but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who had been discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service of New Zealand, served in various administrative positions, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918, Grigory was transferred from the service to New Zealand, and he served in various administrative capacities for a few years. In 1939, he was promoted to captain, and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on November 12, 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who was discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service in New Zealand, worked in the service for a few years, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on November 12, 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who was discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service in New Zealand, served in the service for a few years, then served in New Zealand, and served in various administrative positions for several years. In 1937, being promoted to captain, he led the contingent sent to London to the coronation of the King George VI and Princess Elisabeth. Russian Grigory, who was discharged from the service in 1918, served in New Zealand, worked in the service for a few years, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November... But one of the children died in childhood... In In 1918 Grigory was expelled from the service, joined the service of New Zealand, worked for a few years in various administrative posts, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918 Grigory was dismissed from the service, entered the service of New Zealand, worked for a few years in the service, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In England he met a girl called Bessy Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service in New Zealand, worked in the service for a few years, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England until the end of the war. In Russia he met a girl named Bessy Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, discharged from the service in 1918, entered the service in New Zealand, worked in the service for several years, became second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918, Grigory was transferred from the service to New Zealand, worked in various administrative positions, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1939, he was promoted to captain, and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on November 12, 1918, but one of the children died in childhood... Grigory was dismissed from the service in 1918, went to New Zealand, worked in the administrative department, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918, and remained in England until the end of the war. In England, he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on November 12, 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory was discharged from the service in 1918, he entered the service in New Zealand, worked in the administrative department for a few years, and was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1937, he was promoted to captain, and remained At the end of the war he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... But one of the children died in childhood... In England he met a girl named Bessie Ball, who married him on 12 November 1918... but one of the children died in childhood... Grigory was discharged from the service in 1918, joined the service in New Zealand, worked in the service for several years, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918 Grigory was transferred from the service to New Zealand, worked in various administrative positions, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918 Grigory was discharged from the service in New Zealand, served in the service for a few years, then served in New Zealand and served in various administrative positions for a few years. In 1918 Grigory was transferred from the service to New Zealand, served in various administrative positions, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In England he met a girl called Bessie Ball, who married him on November 12, 1918, but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory was discharged from the service in 1918, joined the service in New Zealand, worked in the service for a few years, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1918 Grigory was dismissed from the service, entered the service in New Zealand, worked in the service for a few years, was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and remained in England until the end of the war. In 1939, he was promoted to captain and stayed in England until the end of the war. Russian Grigory was discharged from the service in 1918, went to New Zealand, worked in the service for a few years, and then served in New Zealand, served in various administrative capacities for a few years. He was promoted to second lieutenant in March 1918 and stayed in England until the end of the war. In Russia, a girl named Bessie Ball married him on November 12, 1918, but one of the children died in childhood... Russian Grigory, who was discharged from the service in 1918, entered New Zealand, worked in the service for He was temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its chief commander, brigadier james hargest, was captured by the germans in the month of November 1941. After the battle of Germany in early November, he remained in command of the 22nd battalion. Andrey commanded the 3rd brigade when its chief officer, Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in November 1941. In the beginning of November he resigned his command of the 22nd battalion, and took up the responsibility of the 22nd battalion. Andrey was temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in the month of November 1941. He was then promoted to brigadier in 1948 and appointed commander of the central military district. He remained in this position until his retirement in 1952. In the beginning of November he resigned his command of the 22nd battalion and took up the responsibility of the 22nd battalion. In November he resigned from command of the 22nd battalion and took the responsibility of the 22nd battalion. Andrey had been temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in the month of November 1941. Andrey had been temporarily commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in the month of November 1941. He was promoted to brigadier in 1948 and appointed commander of the central military district; he remained in this position until his retirement in 1952. At the beginning of November he resigned from the command of the 22nd battalion and took on the command of the 22nd battalion. Andrey had been temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in November 1941. Andrey had been temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in November 1941. In November he resigned his command of the 22nd battalion and took over the 22nd battalion. Andrey had been temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in November 1941. He was promoted to brigadier in 1948 and appointed commander of the central military district; he remained in this position until his retirement in 1952. On November 2nd, he resigned from the command of the 22nd battalion and resigned from the command of the 22nd battalion. Andrey had been temporarily commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in November 1941. Andrey had been temporarily commander of the 5th infantry brigade when its chief commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hargest, was captured by the Germans in November 1941. He was promoted to brigadier in 1948 and appointed commander of the central military district; he remained in this position until his retirement in 1952.