 — wasp————— a planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp———., but this low relative mass is probably the result of a small core or even none at all. —— a planet, discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star, wasp......, but this low relative mass may be attributed to a very small core, or even none at all., – wasp... - a planet found in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp..., a planet orbiting the sun every four days..., a wasp... -, a planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star, wasp..., the core is probably very small, or even not at all... - wasp - a planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp - but this low relative mass may be due to a very small core, or even none at all. - wasp - a planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp - but this low relative mass may have been caused by a very small core, or even none at all. - After being discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp - -, a planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp - -, a planet orbiting the sun every four days... a planet, discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp - -, but this low relative mass may have been due to a very small core or even none at all. - A study published in 2011 examined the origin of inflated planets such as wasp - 13b, and examined (and constrained) its mass, radius, density, and age. But it’s possible that it was due to a very small core, or even none at all. A study published in 2011 examined the origin of inflated planets, such as wasp-13b, and measured their mass, radius, density, and age. ‘There is no doubt about it that a planet, discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp’ – but this low relative mass is probably the result of a very small core, or rather no core at all. A planet, discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp – but this low relative mass may have been the result of a very small core, or even none at all. A study published in 2011 on the origin of inflated planets like wasp- 13b, examined its mass, radius, density, and age. The measurement of the spectrograph at the Nordic optical telescope in the Canary Islands provided the details of the star. The wasp--13b planet was discovered between 11 and 15 in 2008 by the Sophie-Echelle spectrograph of the haute-Red observatory in france, and he determined the radial velocity of the transiting body based on the radial velocity of the escaping body...... a planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp-- but this low relative mass may have been due to a very small core or even none at all... A study published in 2011 examined the origin of inflated planets like wasp-13b, and compared it with its mass, radius, density, and age. A planet discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp——, but this low relative mass is probably due to a very small core or even none at all. But it is possible that it was due to a very small core or even none at all. After being discovered in 2008 in the orbit of the sun-like star wasp—————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— The discovery paper was received by the journal on april 7, 2009..... and astronomy by the european southern observatory, on May 19, 2009. After that, in the next two years, a team of astronomers at the European Southern Observatory (ESO) observed the wasp I-136 and I-130 to find out why some jupiters had anomalously high radii... ‘The author’s work was accepted by the Journal on 7 April 2009. After that, over the next two years, a team of astronomers from the European Southern Observatory (ESO) had examined the jupiter I-136 and I-130 to find out why some jupiters had unusually high radii...’ The collection of observations, together with the observations made by the stars to confirm the planet, were used to produce the correct measurement of the planet. Then in the next two years, in the study of the Jupiter and the I-136, the team of astronomers from the ESO studied the jupiter I-136 and I-130 to find out why some jupiters had an unusually high radii...’ — the discovery paper was accepted by the journal on 7 April 2009. The paper was accepted by the journal on 7 April 2009. The team of astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some of the Jupiters had unusually high radii.... “The author's work was accepted by the Journal on 7 April 2009. In the next two years a team of astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... ”. The information collected by the stars and confirmed by the planet were used to calculate the planet's measurements. Then the next two years a team of astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The scientists collected the information from the stars and confirmed the planet, and used it to calculate the measurement of the planet. Then, in the next two years, the astronomers from the European Southern Observatory examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... " The publication was accepted by the journal on 7 April 2009. The discovery paper was received by the journal on 7 April 2009. The discovery paper was received by the journal on 7 April 2009. The data from the stars and the confirmation of the planet were used to calculate the measurement of the planet. The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... " The author's work was accepted by the journal on 7 April 2009. The next two years, in the study of Jupiter and I-136, the ESO examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... " The subsequent two years, in the study of Jupiter and I-136, the ESO examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... " The "experts" who confirmed the planets took measurements with a much larger field, but the most recent study of the time with the liverpool telescope, which was more accurate, constrained these parameters, but in 2011 it was made more accurate with a larger field, with a comparatively small amount of material, the radius of the star is estimated at 1 " [a"] times the mass of the sun, and its radius is 1 ". “The author’s work was accepted by the Journal on 7 April 2009. The observational data of the stars and the confirmation of the planet was used to calculate the measurement of the planet. The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory (ESO) studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... “ The ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... “The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii. The data from the stars and the confirmation of the planet were used to calculate the measurement of the planet; then, in the following two years, in the study of Jupiter and I-136, the ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii...” The article was accepted by the Journal on 7 April 2009. The research of the stars and the confirmation of the planets were used to calculate the measurements of the planet. The data from the stars and the confirmation of the planets were used to calculate the measurement of the planet. The new journal received a review of the sex – I-136 – to discover why some Jupiters had unusually high radii – – ‘The author’s work was accepted by the journal on 7 April 2009. The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory (ESO) examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii – ‘The ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii –’ – ‘The ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii –’ the astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii –’ the astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii – the astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii – the astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... It was considered that the astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii. The astronomers examined Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the European Southern Observatory studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... " The ESO team of astronomers studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The study of the stars and the confirmation of the planet was used to calculate the measurement of the planet. The ESO team studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii. The ESO team studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii. The ESO team studied Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii..., ESO team study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii.... Observation of the stars and the confirmation of the planet was used to calculate the measurement of the planet. The ESO team study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters had unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii... The astronomers from the ESO study Jupiter and I-136 to find out why some Jupiters have unusually high radii.... a worm like a parasite with a mass of 0 @, orbiting its host star at a distance of 0 @. isp at - - 13b, which orbits its host star at a distance of 0 @. and circles its star at a speed of 4 @... "Strange-tastic. " It orbits its host star at a distance of 0°.... wasp 13b, which orbits its host star at a distance of 0°. (ed.) The first study on the planet recognized wasp 13b as the fifth lowest-density extrasolar planet, behind Kepler (hereafter, 7b)—kepler (hereafter, 17b)—wasp (17b)—tres (hereafter, 4b)— and corot (hereafter)—5b. a worm like a parasite with a mass of 0 @, orbiting its host star at a distance of 0 @. wasp 13b, orbiting its host star at a distance of 0 @. it orbits its host star at a distance of 0 @. (ed.) The first study of the planet named wasp 13b as the fifth least abundant extrasolar planet, behind Kepler (hereafter 7b) - wasp (17b) - tres (hereafter 4b) and corot (hereafter 5b). - So it orbits its host star at a distance of 0 @....