 On 23 september, the irish band u2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their ‘Popmart’ tour. The band was the first major act in the city to have a concert. Approximately 45, 000 people attended the concert. The 19th of september the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, at theruins of herzegovina, as part of their Popmart Tour. The concert was attended by a total of 45, 000 people. The band first came to Sarajevo in 1993 on their zoo-tv tour; the band, contacted by a plight-adjutant bill carter, was requested to carry out a message on the siege of Sarajevo, and did a night-time transmission by sarajevo to the bosnians. At that time, the war did not make it possible for u2 to go to sarajevo; they vowed to attend a concert in the city... The 19th of september the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, at the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their ‘Pop-up’ tour. This concert attracted about 45, 000 people. On the evening of the 19th of september the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, at the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their Pop-up Tour. The band was the first major act to have a concert in the town. The band’s first visit to Sarajevo was in 1993 on their zoo-tv tour. They were contacted by the local district magistrate, bill carter, who had advised the band to deliver a message about the siege of Sarajevo and broadcast it to the Bosnians in the evening. After the war ended in november 1995, they made a tour of Sarajevo, and, with the help of United Nations ambassadors and other military commanders, were able to arrange and give a concert in 1997. Approximately forty, 000 people attended the concert. Then the band offered to arrange a concert or two in Sarajevo, but they requested that the concert be a full Pop-up concert. On the evening of the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, in the context of their Pop-Up tour. This concert attracted about 45, 000 people. On the evening of the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, at the ruins of herzegovina, in the context of their Pop-Up Tour. The concert attracted about forty, 000 people. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their Pop-Up Tour. The band first visited Sarajevo in 1993, during their zoo-tv tour; the band, advised by a plight-adjutant, contacted to deliver a message about the siege of Sarajevo and a night broadcast by Sarajevo to the bosnians. Then, urging the government to arrange a concert in Sarajevo, the band had invited several orchestras. During the concert, a certain number of people came together from different ethnicities, who had been at a loss during the war, and the company was resuming the usual train service for a while to allow them to come to the concert. On the evening of the 19th of September, the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their pop-up tour. This concert attracted over forty, 000 people. The concert had a number of songs: Miss Sarajevo, composed by U2 and Brian eno, about a beauty pageant that had taken place during the war. The band was rejected by their performance and the lead singer bono had a hard time, but it was well received, and the plebeian was credited with improving the morale of the people. Then, they offered to arrange a concert in Sarajevo, but they demanded that the concert should be a full concert. The irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruin of herzegovina, as part of their tour. The 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruin of herzegovina, in the context of their concert. The concert was attended by a total of about forty, 000 people. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruin of herzegovina, in the context of their concert. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the vicinity of the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their concert. The band was first invited to Sarajevo in 1993 on a zootv tour, and had been contacted by the district court judge bill carter to deliver a message about the siege of Sarajevo and a night broadcast by Sarajevo. Then the band offered to arrange a concert in Sarajevo, but they requested that the concert be a full concert. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their "pop-up" tour. The concert attracted about forty, 000 people. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their "pop-up" tour. Then the band offered to arrange a concert in Sarajevo, but they demanded a full concert. The irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their "Popup" tour. The irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, in the context of their tour. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their tour. The tour first took place in 1993 on a zoot tour, the band was advised by the plight-adjutant bill carter to deliver a message on the siege of Sarajevo and broadcast it to the bosnians. Then the band offered to organize a concert in Sarajevo, but they demanded a full concert. The 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their "pop-up" tour. The concert attracted over forty, 000 people. The 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their "pop-up" tour. The concert attracted about forty, 000 people. The 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the ruins of herzegovina, in the context of their "pop-up" tour. The concert had a number of songs, including Miss Sarajevo, which the band performed during the war, which had been rejected by the leader of the band, and which was poorly received, the speaker was blamed for improving the mood of the people. Then the band offered to arrange a concert in Sarajevo, but they wanted to give a full concert. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 held a concert in Sarajevo, in the vicinity of the ruins of herzegovina, in the context of their concert. The concert was attended by about forty, 000 people. On the 19th of September the irish band U2 played in Sarajevo, in the vicinity of the ruins of herzegovina, as part of their tour. On the 18th of September the irish band U2 played in Saraje The city was under siege from May 1992 to the end of the war in 1996. The army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina, numbered about 40, 000, was ill-equipped, and could not break the siege. “The war has been going on since May, 1992, and the city has been under siege from May to August, 1996. The army of the Republic of Belarus, numbering about forty, 000, has not been able to break through the siege. In sarajevo, women and children attempting to snatch up their food have frequently been frightened by the bosnian sniper. “The war is going on since May 1992, and the city is under siege from May to August 1996. The army of the Republic of Belarus, which is a little over forty, 000, could not break through the siege. In the months of July and August, the band received a fax from the radio of the televizija bosne i hercegovina asking for an interview. It was mentioned that a German aid worker, a neophyte from sarajevo, was an American. He was a guest of the station and did not travel with them, but said that he had been in sarajevo for several months and had helped the bosnians to a great extent. The band agreed, and met with a guest from the US, a humanitarian, bill carter, who was working as a foreign associate with the station because of a serbian reluctance to travel. The war has been going on since May 1992, and the city has been under siege from May to August 1996. The army of the Republic of Belarus, a little over forty, 000, could not break through the siege. In July and August, the band received a fax from the radio station televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview. The fax said that a German aid worker, a novice from Svalbarg, was an American. He was not a guest of the station and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. In sarajevo, women and children attempting to seize their food have often been frightened by the sniper. The lead singer bono was horrified to hear that in the city, in the form of bomb shelters, they played loud music, including u2, to drown out the noise of the explosions. The edict said: "The war has been going on since May 1992, and the city has been under siege since August 1996; the army of the Republic of Belarus, however, is not able to break through the siege. When the band heard that a German humanitarian from Svalbarg was a guest of the station, they played some heavy music, including u2, to drown out the noise of the explosions, which sounded in sarajevo, the main singer and our hero was horrified to hear that the city, in the form of a bomb shelter, played loud music, bringing out the bombs and making the screams, causing the people to be frightened. The edict read: "The war has been going on since May 1992, and the city has been under siege since August 1996; the army of the Republic of Belarus, whose number is about forty, 000, was unable to break through the siege. " In the month of July and August, the band received a fax from the radio of the televizija bosne i hercegovina, asking for an interview; it was said that a German neophyte from Svalbarg was an American; he was not a guest of the radio and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. He said that the war has been going on since May 1992, and the city has been under siege from May to August 1996; the Republic of Belarus, a little over forty, 000, could not break through the siege. In July and August the band received a fax from the radio of the radio station televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; and the fax stated that a German humanitarian, a neophyte from Svalbarg, was an American; he did not travel with the station, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people a great deal. Bono agreed to carter's request, without asking any of the band members, and when they were told of the idea, only the band members gave tacit approval. The march was interrupted in the month of July and August by a fax from the televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax was a German aid worker, a beginner from Svalbarg, who was not a guest of the radio and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. The march was interrupted in the month of July and August by a fax from the televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax was that a German aid worker, a novice from Svalbarg, was an American; he was not a guest of the station and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. The march was interrupted, however, by the discovery that the logistics of transportation to and from the city was impossible, because it was only possible to get into sarajevo by a united nations plane; the manager Peter M. mcguinness understood that even if the band managed to organize a concert, the atmosphere would rob both their lives and theirs and the public, and the zoot d. In the month of July and August, the band received a fax from the radio station televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax said that a German aid worker from Svalbarg, a beginner, was an American; he was not a guest of the radio station and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. The edict said: "The war has been going on since May 1992 and the city has been under siege since August 1996; the army of the Republic of Belarus, a little over forty, 000, cannot break through the siege. " Bono agreed to carter's request, without asking any of the members, and when they were told of the idea only the members voted for the idea tacitly. In July and August, the band received a fax from the televizija bosna i hercegovina, The army of the Republic of Belarus, about forty, 000, was unable to break through. In July and August the band received a fax from the radio of the radio station televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax said that a German aid worker from Svalbarg, a neophyte, was an American; he did not go with the radio, but did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. In July and August the band received a fax from the radio station televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax said that a German aid worker, a neophyte from Svalbarg, was an American; he was not a guest of the radio and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and helped the people. In July and August the band received a fax from the radio station televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax said that a German aid worker, a neophyte from Svalbarg, was an American; he did not go with the radio, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and helped the people. The edict said: "The war was in May 1992, and the city was in siege from May 1996; the army of the Republic of Belarus, about forty, 000, could not break through the siege. " Bono agreed to the edict without asking any of the members, and when they were told of the idea only the members approved it tacitly. In the month of July and August the band received a fax from the televizija bosna i hercegovina, asking for an interview; the fax said that a German aid worker, a novice from Svalbarg, was an American; he was not a guest of the radio and did not go with them, but said that he had been in Svalbarg for several months and had helped the people. In the month of July and August the band I think a trip to sarajevo would fall into that category. u2’s efforts to discuss any humanitarian issue have sometimes been accompanied by the false assumption that u2 was also obliged to resolve the matter.... ” I suppose that a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under that category. But, as the u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian matter have sometimes been accompanied by the false assumption that u2 was also obliged to resolve it...' drummer larry mullen, jr., was worried that the move would look like a publicity stunt. I think that a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. But as the u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian matter sometimes accompanied the false assumption that u2 was also obliged to resolve it....' larry mullen, jr., was concerned that the move would appear like a publicity stunt. carter returned to the city and assembled a video unit. the band bought a satellite antenna to send to sarajevo and paid a £ 100, a thousand to join the european broadcasting union (ebu). 293 I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category., the band bought a satellite antenna for sarajevo and paid a hundred and a thousand to join the ebu, a club for the European broadcasting union (ebu). I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. u2's efforts to discuss any humanitarian issue sometimes accompanied the false assumption that u2 was also obliged to settle it... ” larry mullen, jr., was concerned that the move would look like a publicity stunt. To connect with the ebu satellite, carter and two workers had to go to the sarajevo television station at night and film with as little light as possible to avoid the attention of snipers and bombers... I think a trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. u2's efforts to discuss any humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve it... " larry mullen, jr., was concerned that the move would appear like a publicity stunt. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. The u2's efforts to discuss any humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve it... " I think that a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. In order to connect with the ebu satellite, carter and two workers had to go to the sarajevo television station at night and film with as little light as possible in order to avoid the attention of the snipers and bombers... I think that a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think that a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. All the shows were filmed, but the link between sarajevo and sarajevo was not present, leaving the whole group unsure who would speak and what they would say... I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The band bought a satellite antenna for sarajevo and paid a hundred and a thousand to join the eu-channel. The u2-channel in the mission to sarajevo was connected, and carter and two workers had to go to the sarajevo television station at night, filming with as little light as possible so as not to attract the attention of the snipers and the bombers..... I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think that the trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. u2-channel's efforts to discuss a humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2-channel is also obliged to resolve.... larry mullen, jr, was worried that the move would appear like a publicity stunt. All the shows were filmed, but the link between sarajevo and sarajevo was not there, so the whole group was unsure who would speak and what they would say... I think that trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian matter sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to solve... I think a trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. The u2 satellite of the mission to sarajevo was connected, and carter and two workers had to go to the sarajevo television station at night, and film with as little light as possible so as not to attract the attention of the snipers and the bombers... I think a trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall into this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The band bought a satellite to send to sarajevo and paid a hundred and a thousand to join the eu-channel, u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve... " I think a trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve... " This group fell under this category. The u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian matter sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve... " The u2's efforts to discuss any humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve... - larry mullen, jr., was concerned that the move would look like a publicity stunt. - I think that sarajevo would fall under this category. I think that sarajevo would fall under this category. I think that sarajevo would fall under this category. - u2's efforts to discuss any humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve... The band bought a satellite antenna for sarajevo and paid a hundred and a thousand to join the eu-channel. The u-channel of the mission to sarajevo was connected, and carter and two workers had to go to the sarajevo television station at night and film as little light as possible so as not to attract the attention of snipers and bombers. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. The trip to sarajevo would fall under this category. The u2 satellite of the mission to sarajevo was connected, and carter and two workers had to go to the sarajevo television station at night and film with as little light as possible in order not to attract the attention of the snipers and the bombers... I think sarajevo would fall under this category. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. The u2 efforts to discuss a humanitarian problem sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve....... I think sarajevo would fall under this category. I think sarajevo would fall under this category. The u2 efforts to discuss a humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve.... u2's efforts to discuss a humanitarian issue sometimes accompany the false assumption that u2 is obliged to resolve... And guitarist the edge was talking, ‘we don’t normally see that sort of cold hard news. In fact, everything is a very edited, editorialized version of it.’ And guitarist leaning in was talking, ‘we don’t normally get such cold hard news. In fact, everything’s written in editorial style.’ And guitarist swaying to the side was speaking: “It’s not common for us to see that sort of hard news, and it’s written in an editorial style.” And he was talking about a lot of hot news, not merely hot, but in fact written in a very edited and editorialized form.” The band’s leader was saying: “I don’t think we’d receive any cold hard news. It’s written in an editorial style.” Several women in the sarajevo village of sarajevo were asked, supposing that the band was helping the bosnians, when he told him, “We know you’re not going to do anything for us.” ‘We don’t normally get that kind of news,’ said the guitarist leaning out. ‘What’s more, everything’s written in an editorial style.’ And he was talking about some hot news, not merely hot, but even hot, actually in an editorial style. And he was talking about a lot of hot news, not merely hot, but even hot!’ Several women in the village of Stabya asked him, if the band were helping the local bosnians, when he said, ‘We know you won’t help us.’ The band’s director was saying, ‘I don’t think we’ll receive any cold-hearted news, it’s written in an editorial style.’ And the guitarist, swaying to one side, was talking about: ‘We don’t usually see that kind of news, and everything is written in an editorial style.’ They asked him, if the band was helping the local bosnians, if he said, "We know you won't help us. " The leader of the band said, "It's not common for us to receive such a cold-hearted news, it's written in an editorial style." The guitarist was leaning in, "we don't get such a cold-hearted news, it's written in an editorial style." And the guitarist leaning to one side said: "We don't usually get such a cold-hearted news, and it's written in an editorial style." Then the guitarist, leaning back, said: "We don't usually get that kind of news, but everything is written in an editorial style. " There were a few women in the village of Stabya, who asked if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: "We know you won't help us." And the guitarist said: "We don't usually get that kind of news, and everything is written in an editorial style. " A small number of women in the village of Stabya asked him if the band was helping the bosnians, and he said: "We know that you won't help us." - "We don't usually get that kind of news, and everything is written in an editorial style." - "We don't usually get that kind of news, but it is written in an editorial style" And the guitarist who swayed to one side said, “We don’t get such cold news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” And he was talking about a lot of hot news, not only hot, but in an editorial style as well.” The band leader said, “I don’t think we’ll get such cold news, it’s written in an editorial style.” “We don’t usually get that kind of news, it’s written in an editorial style,” and the guitarist who swayed to one side said, “We don’t usually get that kind of news, it’s written in an editorial style.” Several women in the village of Stabya asked if the band was helping the local bosnians, and the musician said, “We know you won’t help us.” The guitarist said, “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but everything is written in an editorial style.” Some women in the village of Stabya asked if the band was helping the local bosnians, and the musician said, “We know you won’t help us.” The guitarist said: “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” The band helped the lasses, making humanitarian and public awareness of the problem, and in 1995, Bono and carter jointly wrote the documentary, “Miss Sarajevo”, which exhibited the beauty pageant organized by bosnian women, who wished to fight the war with their “lipsticks and heels”... In the village of Stabya there were women who asked if the band was helping the local Bosnians, and he said, “We know you won’t help us.” And the guitarist, he said, “We don’t usually get such a news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” Several women in the village of Stabya asked him if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said, “We know you won’t help us.” And the guitarist, he said, “We don’t usually get such news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” The guitarist, he said, “We don’t usually get such news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” And the guitarist, he said, “We don’t usually get such news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” A few women in Stabya asked if the band was helping the local bosnians, and the musician said: “We know you won’t help us.” The guitarist said: “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” Several women in Stabya asked if the band was helping the bosnians, and the musician said: “We know you won’t help us.” The guitarist said, “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” The guitarist said, “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” There were several women in the village of Stabya who asked if the band was helping the bosnians, and the musician said: “We know you won’t help us.” The guitarist said: “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” “We don’t usually get that kind of news, but it’s written in an editorial style.” And the guitarist, who was leaning out, was saying, "We don't get that kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." The guitar said: "We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." Then the guitarist said: "We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style. " Several women in Stabya asked if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: "We don't know how to help them." The guitarist said: "We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." There were women in Stabya asking if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: "We know how to help us." The guitarist said: "We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." Several women in the village of Stabya asked him whether the band was helping the Bosnians, and he said: "We know that you won't help us. " The guitarist said: "We don't usually get this kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." "We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style" And the guitarist said: "We don't usually get this kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." There were several women in the village of Stabya who asked if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: "We know you won't help us." The guitarist said: "We don't usually get this kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." There were women in the village of Stabya who asked him if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: "We know you won't help us." The guitarist said: "We don't usually get this kind of news, but it's written in an editorial style." Then there was a woman in the village of Stabya, who asked him: "We know you won't help us." And the guitarist, who was leaning out, said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” Several women in Stabya asked if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: “We don't know how to help them.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” Several women asked if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: “We don't know how to help them.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” And the guitarist, he said, “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” Several women in Stabya asked if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: “We don't know how to help them.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” There were women in Stabya asking him if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: “We don't know how to help them.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” There were women in Stabya asking him if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: “We don't know how to help them.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written in editorial style.” There were women in Stabya asking him if the band was helping the Bosnians, and the musician said: “We don't know how to help them.” The guitarist said: “We don't usually get that kind of news, but it's written You must try to explain the same things in a different, less direct, more surrealistic way... ‘.’ (the sentence was an idea). But i had learned something. "I was thinking." " Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from u2's side "Which of the original soundtracks" on the project with eno. - 1 [11] a project with eno entitled original soundtracks ; the record was released under the pseudonym "passengers." "But i've learned something. - a period of war ended in 1995 and the siege of Sarajevo in 1996, the stability of the region began to improve. “But I have learned something.’ – ‘I was thinking.’ – ‘but I have learned something.’ ‘ Miss Sarajevo’ was recorded by luciano pavarotti and made available as the first single from the side’s “Repeats” on the eno project. ‘Repeats’ was the word ‘repeats’ in the project with eno. The album was released under the pseudonym ‘passengers’. ‘I’ve learned something.’ ‘I’ve learnt something. The war ended in 1995, and the siege of Sarajevo began in 1996. During that time, the music journalist and writer Andrew mueller described the experience of the Chinese drum in a van, ‘a logistical and administrative nightmare.’ ‘But i’ve learnt something.’ - Miss Sarajevo, recorded by luciano pavarotti, and released as the first single from the side 'Repeats' on the eno album; the album was released under the name of 'passengers'. - The war ended in 1995, and the siege of Sarajevo began in 1996. "But i have learned something." "I have learned something. " - "I have learned something. " "But i have learned something." - "I thought." "I have learned something. - a period of war ended in 1995, and the siege of Sarajevo began in 1996. - "I have learned something. " I was thinking. - "I was thinking. " But i have learned something. " But i have learned something. - "Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and made available as the first single from the eno project. "Repeats" was the word "repeats" in the project with eno. - "It was thought it was difficult, but it was easy... people only wanted to help... “I have learned something.” But i have learned something. “I have learned something.” — “I have learned something.” — “I have learned something.” “Miss Sarajevo” was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the side of eno, “Repeats,” the project of eno; “Repeats” was the word “repeats” in the project of eno. — “The war ended in 1995, and the siege of Sarajevo began in 1996. During this period the music journalist and writer Andrew mueller described the experience of a Chinese drum in a carriage as “an administrative and administrative nightmare.” “But I have learned something,” “I have thought.” “But I have learned something.” “But I have learned something.” “But I have learned something.” “But I have learned something.” “Miss Sarajevo” was recorded by luciano pavarotti and made available as the first single from the eno project. “Repeats” was the word “repeats” in the project with eno. “But I have learned something.” “I have learned something.” There was a lot of talking about it, but the thing was really simple: there was a lot of talking about it... a lot of talking about it, the people only wanted to help,... But i have learned something. " Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and made available as the first single from the eno project, "repeats"; "repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. "Repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. "I have learned something." - "I have learned something." " But i have learned something. " " But i have learned something. " Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the eno project, "Repeats"; "Repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. "But i have learned something. " But i have learned something. " But i have learned something. " - "I thought." "I have learned something. " But i have learned something. " The war ended in 1995, and the siege of Sarajevo began in 1996. "I have learned something. " But i have learned something. " But i have learned something. " But i've learned something. " - "I've learned something. " - "I've learned something." "I've learned something. " - "I've learned something. " - "I've learned something. " "I've learned something. " - "I've learned something. " But i've learned something. " - "Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the side of eno, "repeats", "repeats"; "repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. "Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the side of eno, "repeats"; "repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. "Repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. " But I learned something. " But I learned something. " But i learned something. " But i learned something. During this period the music journalist and writer Andrew mueller described the experience of a Chinese drum in a carriage as a logistical and administrative nightmare. " But i learned something. " " But i have learned something. " But i have learned something. " "I have learned something." "I have learned something. " But i have learned something. " Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the eno project, "repeats". "Repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. "But i have learned something. " - "I've learned something. " But i have learned something. " But i have learned something. "The war ended in 1995 and the siege of Sarajevo began in 1996. " But i have learned something. " Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the eno project, "repeats"; "repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. During this period, the journalist and writer Andrew mueller described the experience of the Chinese drum in a van, "a logistics and administrative nightmare." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something." "I have learned something. " " But I have learned something. " Miss Sarajevo" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from the eno project. "Repeats" was the word "repeats" in eno's project. There were still rumours about instability in the region at the time. So he presented a offer of approximately $ 4 million to perform in basel, switzerland on the date of the Sarajevo concert. There were still rumors of instability in the region then. To make it to Sarajevo the stage crew had to drive the rigging and the stage through wartime —$   torn bosnia. The trip was nothing but easy, but the road was to pass through towns such as mostar, which had been "obliterated" by the war. The stage and lighting designer willie williams commented that "when the trucks came in, one could see that they were changed." So he offered the offer of $ 4 million to perform in Basel, Switzerland, on the day of the Sarajevo concert. The only complication of the journey was that the border guard had to keep them in check for hours. The only difficulty was that the stages had to be carried by a narrow road through the towns of mostar, which had been "wiped out" by the war.. The country still rumors. But he poured in a proposal for the stage of Sarajevo, a day before the concert, a large number of rigging and stage crew had to drive their rigging and stage through a torn and ruined bosnia. The trucks reached Sarajevo two days before the concert, amidst a concert of cheer and applause, and the arrival of the truck was the first concrete evidence that the band would not be able to carry out their promise there. The stage and lighting designer willie williams commented that when the vehicles arrived they could see that they had been changed." The only difficulty was that the stage and stage were to be re-made along a narrow and narrow road through the most ruined towns of mostar. In order to get to Sarajevo the stage and stage crew had to be driven through war-ravaged bosnia. The only difficulty was that the stage and stage crew had to go through a narrow and war-ravaged bosnia. But he sent in a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, a large number of rigging and stage crew had to drive their rigging and stage through war-ravaged bosnia. This was a very simple route, but one had to pass through towns such as mostar, which had been "wiped out" by the war. And so he posed a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, in which the band accompanied the stage and stage in torn and ruined bosnia, and the men had to drive their rigging and stage through a torn and ruined bosnia. There were still rumours in the area at that time. There were three hundred local residents who helped the stage and spread the news of the concert. The stage and stage designer willie willie commented that when the trucks came in, they could see they were changed. In the days before the concert, the band played in the streets and a loud show was heard; and, just as they were coming out, they were greeted by a general uproar. There were still rumours of instability in the area. There were three hundred local residents who helped the stage and spread the news of the concert. The country still had rumours. He proposed to take Sarajevo's stage a day before the concert, in which the band was to accompany the stage and stage in a torn and ruined bosnia; the stage crew was to be driven through a torn and ruined bosnia. The only difficulty was that the stage and stage had to be carried through a narrow and ruined bosnia. Only difficulty was that the stage and stage had to travel through a narrow and ruined bosnia. To get to Sarajevo, the stage and stage crew had to drive through a torn and ruined bosnia. The only difficulty was that the stage and stage had to travel through a narrow and ruined bosnia. But he presented a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, a large number of rigging and stage crew had to drive their rigging and stage through a torn and ruined bosnia. There were still rumors of a disturbance in the region. But he sent a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, in which the band accompanied the stage and the stage in torn and ruined bosnia, and the men had to drive their rigging and stage through a torn and ruined bosnia. The only difficulty was that the stage and stage were to be carried through a narrow and ruined bosnia. And so he presented a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, in which the band had to drive the stage and stage through the most ruined bosnia. The army still had rumors about a disturbance in the region. The country had rumors still. The man offered a offer of $ 4 million to perform in Basel, Switzerland, on the day of the Sarajevo concert. There were still rumors of a disturbance in the region. There were still rumors of a disturbance in the region. The only difficulty was that the stage and stage were to be carried through a narrow and torn bosnia. The only difficulty was that the stage and stage were to be carried through a narrow and torn bosnia. The day before the concert, the band played in the streets and gave a loud concert; and as soon as they came out, there was a great uproar. In the days before the concert, the band played in the streets, and a loud concert was heard, and just as they left, the fan in the street roared. The rigging and stage were carried through a torn and ruined bosnia. But he made a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, where the stage and stage were carried through a torn and ruined bosnia. Only one difficulty was that the stage and stage were carried through a torn and ruined bosnia. However, he made a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, in which the band was to accompany the stage and the stage in a torn and ruined bosnia, and the stage crew had to drive through a torn and ruined bosnia. But he sent a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, in which the stage and stage were to be driven through a torn and ruined bosnia; the only difficulty was that the stage and stage had to travel through a narrow and ruined bosnia. But he submitted a proposal for Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, a large number of rigging and stage workers were to be pushed through a torn and ruined bosnia. And so he presented Sarajevo's stage, a day before the concert, But he submitted a proposal for Sarajevo, a day before the concert, to the stage, in which the band would accompany the stage and the stage in a torn and ruined bosnia, and the stage crew had to drive through the ruined bosnia. But he submitted a proposal for Sarajevo, a day before the concert, to the stage, in which the stage and stage were to be driven through a torn and ruined bosnia; but he adved for Sarajevo, a day before the concert, the stage and stage were to be carried through a torn and ruined bosnia; the only difficulty was that the stage and stage had to be carried through a torn and ruined bosnia; but he adved for Sarajevo, a day before the concert, a large number of rigging and stage workers had to drive through a torn and ruined bosnia. There were rumors about chaos in the region, and he posed a proposal of about four million rubles to perform in Basel, Switzerland, on the day of the concert in Sarajevo. There were still rumors about instability in the area; there were still rumors about instability in the region. The army still had rumors about a disturbance in the region, and there was still rumors about the country. The man made an offer of four million rubles to perform in Basel on the day of the concert in Sarajevo, but he sent a proposal for Sarajevo, where the stage and stage were to be driven through a torn and ruined bosnia; but he sent a proposal for Sarajevo, where the stage and stage were to be driven through a torn and ruined bosnia; but he sent a proposal for Sarajevo, a day before the concert, the stage and stage were to be driven through a torn and ruined bosnia, only one difficulty was that the stage and stage were to be carried through a torn and ruined bosnia. The stage and stage were carried through a torn and ruined bosnia They opened two lines, one from Mostar to Svartevo and the other from Magliy to Svartevo... On the day of the concert, the trains came into Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Moreover, although the railways were operating during the war, muslim and croat politicians were unable to decide who should operate them... although the regular trains had been operating throughout the war, the muslim and croat officials were unable to decide who should run them... and so, only the day of the concert was to be run, and the day after it would be used to bring fans back home. Besides, though the railways were operating during the war, the muslim and croat officials were unable to decide who to run... although the regular trains had been running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so the only way to run was the day of the concert, and the day after that the fans would be taken home. On the day of the concert, the train had come into Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. On the day of the concert, several other yugoslav republics went to Svartevo, a caravan of fans from zagreb, croatia, and ljubljana, slovenia... On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Moreover, although the railways were operating during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... although the regular trains were running throughout the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so, on the day of the concert, the fans would be brought back home. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. There were also several other republics that came to Svartevo, a caravan of fans from zagreb, croatia, ljubljana, Slovakia...... Besides, although the trains were operating during the war, the muslim and the croat officials could not decide on who to run... and so, only the day of the concert was to be run, and the day after the concert the fans would be taken home. They opened two lines, one from Mostar to Svartevo, and the other from Magliy to Svartevo. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Besides, although the railways were operating during the war, the muslim and croat officials were unable to decide who should run them; though the regular trains had been running throughout the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who should run them... and so the only way to run was the day of the concert, and the day after the concert the fans would be brought home. At the concert, the trains arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. There were also several other republics who arrived at Svartevo, a caravan of fans from Zagreb, croatia, and ljubljana, Slovakia... on the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. But even though the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... even though the regular trains had been running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert was to be run, and the day after the concert the fans were brought back home. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. In addition, although the trains were operating during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert was to be run, and the day after the concert was to be taken home. It was also on the first day of the war that a large number of republics arrived at Svartevo, a caravan of fans from Zagreb, croatia and ljubljana, Slovakia. The concert took place on the first day of the war. The concert took place on the first day of the war, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who should run them; since the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who should run them... and so only the day of the concert, and the day after, the fans were brought home. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who should run them... although the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who should run them... and so the only way to run was the day of the concert, and the day after the concert the fans were brought home. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. In addition to the local and foreign fans, six, 5, 000 on duty, soldiers came to the concert in uniform. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... although the trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert, and the day after, the fans were brought home. The day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. The concert took place on the first day of the war. It was also on the first day of the war that a large number of republics arrived in Svartevo, a caravan of fans from Zagreb, croatia and ljubljana, Slovakia. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... even though the trains ran all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and therefore only the day of the concert, and the day after the concert, were carried back home. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... although the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so the only way to run was the day of the concert, and the day after the concert the fans were brought home. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. The concert took place on the first day of the war. There were also a lot of republicans who came to Svartevo, a caravan of fans from Zagreb, croatia and ljubljana, Slovakia... On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. However, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide which to run; although the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide which to run... and so only the day of the concert and the day after the concert was used. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. In addition, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert and the day after the concert was used. In addition, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run, although the regular trains had been running all war, the On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. But although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and the croat officials could not decide who to run, since the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and the croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert and the day after the concert were used. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... though the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert and the day after the concert were used. There were also a lot of republicans who came to Svartevo, a caravan of fans from Zagreb, croatia and ljubljana, Slovakia. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... although the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert and the day after the concert were used. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... although the regular trains were running all war, the muslim and croat officials could not decide who to run... and so only the day of the concert and the day after the concert was used. On the day of the concert, the train arrived at Svartevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Besides, although the trains were running during the war, the muslim and “The other evening was a war remembrance. Then, in the middle of the karaoke, the baboon said: “Venerable Samsonov! Love the past! Kiss the future! “... and, in the second encore, as the fifth and sixth acts on the tour, it was “Sunday bloody Sunday,” and he added Miss Samsonov in the second encore. ‘You are my lord, Mme. Samsonov. You have a heart of gold. ‘ The other night was a war memory.’ ‘Yesterday was the fifth and sixth act of the tour,’ he said. ‘ But in the second encore, the fourth and sixth acts of the tour, it was Sunday Bloody Sunday.’ He then added Miss Samsonov. ‘It’s better than what it was,’ he said. ‘The other night was a war memory.’ Then he added Miss Samsonov, ‘You are my lord, my lord, you have a heart of gold.’ ‘The other night was a war memory.’ ‘It’s better than what happened,’ he said. ‘Yesterday was the fifth and sixth act of the tour,’ he said, ‘but in the second encore, the fifth and sixth act of the tour, it was Sunday Bloody Sunday.’ Then he added Miss Samsonov, ‘you’re my lord, Madame Samsonov, you have a heart of gold.’ – But in 2006 it was said that bono’s vocal problems were due to laryngitis or to the fatigue of the previous months of his touring, though he later remarked that ‘it doesn’t matter that the lead singer is sick, because everyone from the audience sings the same tune.’ – ‘Yesterday was the fifth and sixth acts of the tour,’ he said, ‘but in the second encore, the fifth and sixth acts of the tour, it was Sunday bloody Sunday.’ – ‘This is better than what was before,’ he said. It was during the closing ceremony of the dance that Bono was told the story: “The last time I saw you, I was a great drunkard, I was so dreadfully suffocated and bleary. Then I recalled the past, I was proud of the future, and I was suffocated by the sun...” “The last time I saw you,” he said, “is a war memory. Then I added Miss Samsonov: “You are my lord, my lord, you have a heart of gold.” “Yesterday was the fifth and sixth acts of the tour,” he said, “but in the second encore, the fifth and sixth acts of the tour, it was Sunday bloody Sunday.” “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The last night was a war memory,” he added. “It’s better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” Then he added Miss Samsonov. “You are my lord, my lord, you have a heart of gold.” “Yesterday was the fifth and sixth acts of the tour,” he said, “but in the second encore, the fifth and sixth acts of the tour, it was Sunday Bloody Sunday.” “This is better than what happened,” he said. But in 2006 it was said that Bono's vocal complaints were due to laryngitis or fatigue from the previous months of his tour, but later noted that "it's not all the same to the lead singer, because all the people sing the same song." “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” Then he added Miss Samsonov, “you are my lord, you have a heart of gold.” “The other night was a war memory,” he said. In the middle of the karaoke, the baboon said: “Venerable Samsonov, I love the past, I cherish the future, and I was suffocated by the sun... ” “This is better than what happened,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The last night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he added. Then he added Miss Samsonov: “You are my lord, my lord, you have a heart of gold.” During the performance, Bono went backstage for a cortisone injection, which helped him improve his voice for a short time. “Yesterday was the fifth and sixth acts of the tour,” he said, “but in the second encore, the fifth and sixth acts of the tour, it was Sunday bloody Sunday.” “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” , he added Miss Samsonov, “You are my lord, my lord, you have a heart of gold.” “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory.” Then he added Miss Samsonov, “You are my lord, you have a heart of gold.” In the middle of the karaoke, the boy said, “Venerable Samsonov, I love the past, I cherish the future, and I was suffocated by the sun.” “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “This is better than what happened,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. “The other night was a war memory,” he said. During the closing of the dance, Bono was told: “The last time I saw you, I was a great drunkard, I was so suffocated and drowsy, I recalled the past, I was proud of the future, and , and they came back to the stage and played ‘Discotheque’, ‘if you wear that velvet dress’, ‘and you or you’re going to wear it’, and a rough rendition of ‘Miss Sarajevo’.... on the first encore they had a frantic discussion about the introduction of ‘Miss Sarajevo’. The song had only been played once before, at a concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, eno and pavarotti. In the first encore they were engrossed in a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. Earlier the song had only been played once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. At the beginning of the song, a television screen showed scenes from carter's Miss Sarajevo, containing the girls judging the competition and the banner: "please don't let them kill us. " On the second epoch, a mad discussion took place over the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing, so an antique gramophone was brought to the stage. One encore of a “discotheque,” “if you wear this velvet dress,” “and you or will wear it”—and a dreadful rendition of Miss Sarajevo. ” In the first encore, the crowd engrossed in a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The song had only been played once before, in a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in place of the gramophone was an antique gramophone. The song had only been played once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. At the beginning of the song, a television screen showed scenes from carter’s Miss Sarajevo, depicting the winners of the competition and the banner: “Please do not kill us.” The first encore reflected a mad debate about Miss Sarajevo’s introduction. Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing, so an antique gramophone was brought to the stage. Bono apologized for the veryrocky performance at the end of the song, saying: “Sarajevo, this song was written for you, I hope you like it, because we can’t play it. and came back to the stage and played a discotheque, “if you wear this velvet dress,” “and you or you will wear it”; and the rough rendition of “Miss Sarajevo”... On the second epoch a frenzy was taking place over the introduction of Miss Sarajevo; only once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and his place was an antique gramophone. The first encore was a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo; the song had only been played once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. The song had only been played once before, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in place of the gramophone was an antique gramophone. The first encore was a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. Bono apologized for the very rocky performance at the end of the song, saying: “Sarajevo, this is a piece for you, I hope you like it, because we cannot play it. ” The first encore reflected a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The first encore reflected a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The first encore reflected a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The song had only been played once, in a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. a local resident said that the concert was "proof that we are in good health here, everything is in order here." The first encore reflected a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The first encore reflected a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The song had only been played once before, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and he was an antique gramophone. The song had only been played once before, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. The song had only been played once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. The first encore reflected a mad debate about Miss Sarajevo, since Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing, but brought an antique gramophone to the stage. The first encore reflected a frantic debate about Miss Sarajevo, because only once, in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. The first encore reflected a frantic debate about Miss Sarajevo. The first encore reflected a mad debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The first encore reflected a mad debate about Miss Sarajevo. The song had only been played once, in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing, so an antique gramophone was brought to the stage. The first encore reflected a mad debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. Bono apologized for the very rocky performance at the end of the song, saying: "Sarajevo, this is a piece for you, I hope you like it, because we cannot play it. " Is this what the master wanted to say? " Then the patrons said that they were grateful to see the one who would come and play, but it turned out to be an old gramophone. The second season of the revival arose in a frenzy on the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The singer had only once been played, in 1995, at a concert with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and he was an old gramophone. The singer apologized for the rough performance at the end of the song, saying: "Sarajevo, this is a piece for you, I hope you like it, because we can't play it. " The first season of the revival reflected a frantic discussion on the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. The singer had only been played once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and he was an antique gramophone. The singer had only been played once, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. In the first season of the revival, a frantic debate was being held over Miss Sarajevo; only once, in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and his place was an antique gramophone. The first season of the celebration was the mad debate over Miss Sarajevo; only once, in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, and pavarotti, and in his place was an antique gramophone. The first season of the song, a television screen showed the winners of the competition, and the banner: “Don't kill us.” The first season of the song, a television screen showed the scenes of carter's Miss Sarajevo, containing the girls who were judging the competition, and the banner: “Don't kill us, do not kill us.” The first season of the song, the first season of the song, was celebrated with a frantic debate about the introduction of Miss Sarajevo. Only once before, at a concert in 1995, with bono, edge, eno, pavarotti, and in his place was an antique The more accustomed to see each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music together in the capital. - sacirbey added that he was convinced that the concert was planned to promote peace and calm in sarajevo, not to raise money. And since they are more used to seeing each other through the eyes of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the performance of the Sarajevo concert had been the highlight of their careers. Mullen said, “There is no doubt that that experience will not be forgotten for the rest of my life.” Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen said: “The fact is that I was a bandmember for twenty years to play this concert. – Sabaiev added that he was sure that the concert was intended to promote peace and calm in Sarajevo, and not to raise money. As they are more accustomed to seeing one another through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music together in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the performance of the Sarajevo concert had been the highlight of their careers. Mullen said: ‘There is no doubt that it will not be forgotten for the rest of my life.’ Mullen and the edge both agreed that the performance of the Sarajevo concert had been the highlight of their careers. Mullen said: ‘I have been a band member for twenty years, to play this concert. I think it would have been a good idea... Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the performance of the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “It is true that I was a member of the band for twenty years to play this concert. The more accustomed to see each other through the scope of a rifle, the more they came to hear music in the capital. Mullen said: “There is no doubt that this experience will not be forgotten for the rest of my life.” “The more accustomed we are to see each other through the scope of a rifle, the more they came to hear music in the capital. As they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Bono described it as “one of the toughest and most precious nights of my life” and he argued that he was afraid that sarajevo would take the gig away from us. “That is what these people want, it is what they deserve.” Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “It is true that I have been a band member for twenty years now; I think it would have been a good idea... As they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. And as they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. As they were accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “That is what these people want, that is what they deserve.” After the completion of the Pop-Mart tour, he said: “It was an astonishing and confusing fact to see that on our most 'poetic' tours some of the best acts were played in political hotspots like santiago, sarajevo, Tel Aviv, et cetera. As they became more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “I have been a member of the band for twenty years, I think it would have been good... And as they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. As they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. "That is what these people want, that is what they deserve." Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. And they became more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they came to hear music in the capital. The more accustomed they are to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. The more accustomed they are to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. "It is true that I have been a member of the band for twenty years; I think it would be good... [In this instance, where music meant more than entertainment " Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “I have been a band member for twenty years now, I think it would be a good idea... And, as they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. As they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “It is true that I have been a member of the band for twenty years, I think it would be good... And as they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. As they become accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. As they are accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. As they are accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. - Sabaiev added that he was convinced that the concert was to promote peace and calm in Sarajevo, not to raise money. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “It is true that I was a member of the band for twenty years; I think it would be good... And as they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. The more accustomed they are to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. Mullen and the edge both agreed that the Sarajevo concert was the highlight of their careers. “It is true that I have been a member of the band for twenty years, I think it would be good... And as they are more accustomed to see each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the capital. As they are more accustomed to seeing each other through the scope of a rifle, they come to hear music in the .... And later a documentary about the performance, entitled “Miss Sarajevo” was included in the documentary from the 2002 compilation of videos from u2.... and in 2000... It was not performed again until the second leg of the vertigo tour in 2005... December 1997. The Edge wrote later that they had 'discovered' the song in Sarajevo after his solo performance. Then, the following year, after the second leg of the year-long cruise in 2005, they would perform the song again. In early 1997, they would repeat the performance in Sarajevo, a song he had discovered on his own.... It was not performed again until December 1997, when u2 finally returned to all the regions of the former Yugoslavia. In August 2009, during the tour of u2, the city of Zagreb, a beautiful u2 tour was announced by the governor of the city.