 Risa oribe (unk,, oribe risa, born June 24, 1987) ( risa oribe, name: oribe risa, born June 24, 1987) (Japanese pop singer, born in 1987) is a japanese pop singer. Originally from the West End, he was a singer of the ragase band chucky. But after chucky's dissolution in 2005, he moved to Tokyo, and made his debut in 2010 with angel beats. Risa Ibe (, Ibe risa,, Ibe risa,,,, ),  ()  (,,,,,,,,,,, ) is a Japanese singer. Originally from the West End, he was a singer for the troupe chucky, but after chucky’s death, he moved to Tokyo and,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,, ,,,,,,,,, ,, ,,, Risa Ibe (Risa Ibe, (Ibe risa,),,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, lisa, lisa, lisa,,, lisa,, lisa, lisa's songs have been sung in the two anime, "Bang jie fang", and "Hang jie jie tsukai tsukai tsukai tsukai", lisa, lisa's songs have been sung in the new yen of a cd-music-Acara," and "The woman who was subbed", "Ike san san san san tsukai," and "the yin", sukai tsukai san san". ‘Risa Ibe (Ibe risa,’ risa risa’s eponymous name, risa’s eponymous name, born in 1987) is a japanese singer. Originally from the West End, he was a member of the ragase band chucky, but after chucky’s death he moved to Tokyo, where he made his debut in 2010 with angel-beats. Risa Ibe (Ibe risa,’s eponymous name, risa’s eponymous name) is a Japanese singer. He was a member of the chucky band in the past, but after the death of the band chucky he shifted to Tokyo and...,,,,,,,,,,,,, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, Risa Ibe (Ibe risa, - Ibe risa, - Ibe risa, - (Ibe risa, - ) (( ) (, - Ibe risa, - ) (), (, - Ibe risa, - - -, - - Risa Ibe (Ibe risa), - (, - Ibe risa, -, - - - - - - - (Japanese pop singer, born in 1987) - - Japanese pop singer. Originally from the West End, he was a member of the risa band chucky, but after the death of chucky, he moved to Tokyo, and - lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lis Risa Ibe (Ibe risa) (“Ibe risa” (Ibe risa,” (“Ibe risa”) (“Ibe risa” (Ibe risa”; “Ibe risa”; “Ibe risa”; “Ibe risa”; “Ibe risa,” “Ibe risa”, “Ibe risa”, “Ibe risa”; “Japanese pop singer,” – Risa Ibe (Ibe risa), “Second year of high school when risa, risa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, lisa, It is not necessary to talk to anyone about the grand prize, but to keep in the crowd. Although I was a decent student, I didn’t go to university, but I decided to go on university instead, despite my tutor’s advice. I wanted to give it a try as a teacher, and I’m sure it’s just to be friendly with everyone.” It was not necessary to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be among the crowd. I had no idea of going to university, but I decided to go to university instead, despite the advice of my tutor. I was not in the highest school, but I decided to go to university instead, despite the advice of my teacher. It is now the third year since the disbandment of the band, and the two of us had moved to Tokyo, in order to continue our singing career. Then, after forming the band Love is the same, the members of the indie band also joined in and began singing under the name of Lisa, which is an acronym for love is the same. But I did not want to go to the university, but instead went to the university, despite my teacher's advice. Although I was a good student, I did not go to the university, but went to the university, despite the teacher's advice. In 2010, I became a singing voice for the band angel beats, in which he sang a character of yui, and the second singer, marina, sang a character of the character masami iwasawa. It is not necessary to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be surrounded by the crowd. It is not necessary to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be among the crowd. It is the third year since the disbandment of the band, and the two of us moved to Tokyo to continue our singing career. Then, after forming the band Love, the two of us joined the indie band, and began singing under the name of Lisa, which is a nickname for Love. The title of the record was ‘My Heart’s Sacred Star’. The first single was ‘King of the Moon’, released on May 12, the second ‘Leave it to the light’, released on June 9, and the third single ‘The Evil One’. ‘The wicked one’s glory’ was ‘the last one’.’ I wasn’t in the best school, but I went to university, despite my tutor’s advice. I was not in the highest school, but I went to university, despite my teacher’s advice. It was not on purpose to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be in the crowd. ‘ I wanted to give it a try, a teacher, and I’m sure it’s only to make friends with everyone else.’ It was now the third year since the band broke up, and we two decided to move to Tokyo to continue our singing career. After we had formed the band Love, we also re-joined the group and started singing under the name of Lisa, which is an acronym for Love. Although I wasn’t a very good student, I didn’t go to university, but decided to go to university, despite my teacher’s advice. Not to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be surrounded by the crowd. The first single ‘Madamed Monster’ was released on May 12, the second single ‘A tiny thing to be braved’ came out on June 9, and the third single ‘My little girl’ - the final version of ‘Yui final version’... But I was not a good student, but I did not go to university, but decided to go to university, despite my teacher's advice. Although I was not a good student, I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the teacher's advice. It was not necessary to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be in the crowd. I did not want to go to university, but went to university, despite my teacher's advice. I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the teacher's advice. I did not want to go to university, but went to university, despite the teacher's advice. The third year since the band disbanded, we two decided to go to Tokyo to continue our singing career. After we formed Love, we joined the band, and began singing under the name of Lisa, which is an acronym for love. The first song is "King of the Moon," released on May 12, the second "Leave it to the light," released on June 9, and the third "Wuji". "The wuji" is "finally." "My tidbit was the "final"... " In the middle of July, the album was sold, "the most precious treasure is... " And although I was not a very good student, I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. Moreover, although I was not a very good student, I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. I did not want to go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. It was the third year since the disbandment of the band, and we two remained in Tokyo to continue our singing career. In the middle of July, the album was sold, and it is the'most precious treasure'. The first song is "King of the Moon", released on May 12, the second "Long of the Light," released on June 9, and the third "Wuji". "Wuji" is "finally." The first song is "My Little girl", released on June 9, and the third song is "My Little Girl." The "final" is the "final". It is not necessary to talk to anyone about the prize, but to be surrounded by the crowd. I was not a good student, but I did not go to university, but I went to university, despite the teacher's advice. " I didn't want to go to university, but I went to university, despite the teacher's advice. " Although I wasn't a good student, I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the teacher's advice. " The second year was the third year, and we two decided to move to Tokyo, so we can continue singing. We formed the band Love and began to sing under the name of Lisa, which is an acronym for love. " The first song is "Madamed Monster", released on May 12, the second "Leave it to the light" released on June 9, and the third "The evil one" released on June 10. In 2010, I sang with the band Angel Beats, in which he sang a character of yui, and the second singer, marina, sang a character of yui. In 2010, I joined a group singing a character of yui in which he sang the character of masami iwasawa, in which he sang the character of masami iwasawa. In the third year since the band broke up, we two decided to move to Tokyo to pursue our singing career. Then, having formed the group Love, we began to sing under the name of Lisa, which is an acronym for love. This was the third year of the band’s dissolution, and we two decided to return to our singing career. Then we formed the band Love and began to sing under the name of Lisa, which is an acronym for love. The first song is “King of the Moon”, released on May 12, the second “Long of the Light,” released on June 9, and the third “The Evil One.” “My tidbit was the “final” of June 10, 2010. “In 2010, I became a singer in the angel-beats group and sang a character from the character of Yuga. Besides, I was not a very good student, but I went to university, despite my teacher’s advice; I did not go to university, but went to university, despite my teacher’s advice. “I did not go to university, but went to university, despite my teacher’s advice. I did not want to go to university, but went to university, despite my teacher’s advice; I did not want to go to university, but went to university, despite my teacher’s advice. And although I was not a good student, I did not go to university, but went to university, despite my teacher’s advice. “It’s not necessary to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be in the crowd. It’s not necessary to talk about the prize to anyone, but to be in the crowd. “ In the middle of July, the album was sold, “the most precious treasure”—so, in the middle of July, “The most precious treasure is... ” “My little girl,” released in June 9, and in June 10, the third song “Wu Jiai,” which And although I was not a very good student, I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. It was not on purpose to discuss the prize with anyone, but in the crowd. I was not a very good student, but I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher., I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. It was the third year since the band broke up, and we two decided to go to Tokyo to continue our singing career. After we formed Love, we began singing under the name of love. The first song is 'My little girl', released on May 12, the second 'Long of Light', released on June 9, and the third 'Wuji'. It was released in the middle of July, and it was the best song.'My little girl' was released on June 9, and the third song is 'My little girl'. The 'final' is the final. " The first song is 'My little girl', released on June 9, and the third song 'The 'Wuji'. The second song is 'My heart's sacred star'. It is not necessary to tell anyone about the prize, but to be in the crowd. I wasn't a good student, but I didn't go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. I was not a good student, but I did not go to university, but I went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. "I did not go to university, but went to university, despite the advice of my teacher. " The middle of July, the album was sold, and it is the "most precious", so in the middle of July, the "most precious" is... The first song is 'Madamed Monster", released on May 12, the second "Long of the light," released on June 9, and the third "The wicked girl." " The 'final" is "final", and the second song is "Wuji". 'The golden one", it is 'final'.'My little girl is released - (] Lysa releases her first solo album 'love s' mile,' on January 22, 2012; the album snatched up at No. 7 on the oricon weekly charts. "Lisa releases her first solo album, " Love a mile", on January 22, 2012; it peaked at No. 7 in the weekly weekly oricon charts.... After she performed the first theme of the anime series "Sword Art" for the first time, she was selected to perform the first theme of the opening theme of the series "Sword Art," on July 8, 2012. On this occasion, on July 8, 2012, she performed a "crossing field" theme, and subsequently appeared in the first theme of the second episode of the manga series, “Sword Art,” in which the song'crossing field' was released. “Lisa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; the album made its debut at No. 7 on the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor. – Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; it made its debut at No. 7 on the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... - Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; it peaked at No. 7 on the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor. – Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; the album peaked at No. 7 on the weekly edition of the Inquisitor’s Weekly... – On July 8, 2012 she performed “crossing fields”, and later appeared in the first episode of the manga, ‘Sword Art’, in which the song ‘crossing fields’ was released. - 'Love a mile!' Lysa released her first solo album, Love a mile!', released on January 22, 2012, and it hit No. 7 on the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a mile! on January 22, 2012, and it hit No. 7 on the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a mile, on January 22, 2012, and it hit No. 7 in the weekly edition of the Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012, she performed "crossing fields" and appeared in the first scene of the manga, "Sword Art", which was released with the song "crossing fields." lisa released her second solo album, "Amazing Day," on July 28, 2012, and it reached No. 7 in the weekly version of the Inquisitor... Lysa released her second solo album, "Love a mile," on July 28, 2012; it reached No. 7 in the Weekly Ou, Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; it has reached No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; it has reached No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012, she performed the crossing of the field, and also appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, which is the song of “crossing the field.” Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it reached No. 7 in the Weekly Inquisitor... Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; it hit No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012, she performed the crossing of the field and appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, where the song 'crossing the field' was released. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it hit No. 7 in the Weekly Ou, and was published in three years. “Ah, she’s a god! Lysa releases her first solo album, Love a Mile,” on January 22, 2012, and it made its debut at the top of the weekly Inquisitor’s Weekly Weekly... On July 8, 2012 she performed “Ah, God! ah!” and appeared in the first scene of the manga “Sword Art” in which she sang “Ah, God!” and Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile,” on January 22, 2012, and it made its debut at the top of the Weekly Weekly Weekly Weekly... On July 8, 2012, she performed “Ah!” and appeared in the first scene of the manga “Sword Art” in which she sang “By the Numbers.” On July 8, 2012, she performed “Ah!” and then appeared in the first scene of the manga “Sword Art” with the song “By the Numbers.” Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile,” on January 22, 2012, and it went to No. 7 in the Weekly Weekly Weekly... Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it went to No. 7 in the Weekly Observer. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it went to No. 7 in the Weekly Observer. I'm not a god.' "Lisa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it was a Top 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it was a Top 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012; it was a Top 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it was No. 7 in the Weekly Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012, she performed 'crossing fields' and appeared in the first scene of the manga, 'Sword Art', in which the song 'crossing fields' was released. On July 8, 2012, she performed 'Ah, God, ah!' and appeared in the first scene of the manga, 'Sword Art', in which the song 'crossing fields' was released. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a mile, on January 22, 2012, and it was published in the Weekly Observer... On July 8, 2012, she performed 'Ah, God!' and in the first scene of the manga, 'Sword Art', in which she sang 'By the numbers'. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a mile, on January 22, 2012, and it hit No. 7 in the Weekly Observer. On July 8, 2012, she performed 'Ah, God!' and then appeared in the first scene of the manga, 'Sword Art', which was released with the song 'By the numbers.' Lysa released her first solo album, Love a mile, on January 22, 2012, and it hit No. 7 in the Weekly Observer. And on the eighth of July, she performed “Ah! Ah! Ah!” and she also appeared in the first scene of the manga, “Sword Art” in which she sang “Ah! Ah!” and Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it peaked at No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it peaked at No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it peaked at No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012, she performed a cross and also appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, which is the song of “crossing the field”. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it climbed to No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it climbed to No. 7 in the Weekly Opinion of the Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012 she performed “Ah, God!” and also appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, where the song “By Numbers” was released. On July 8, 2012, she performed “Ah, God!” and appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, in which the song “By Numbers” was released. On July 8, 2012, she performed “Ah, God!” and also appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, in which the song “By Numbers” was released. Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, on January 22, 2012, and it was published in the Weekly Inquisitor... Lysa released her first solo album, Love a Mile, and it was published in the Weekly Inquisitor... On July 8, 2012, she performed “Ah, God!” and appeared in the first scene of the manga, Sword Art, where the song “By Numbers” was released. On July 8, She held a second budokan concert in May 2015 at Nisekobashi, where tickets were sold out. The song was the opening theme of the second season of nisekobashi,....... The song was used as the closing theme of the anime series sword art online ii... Then, in the same year, she released her third solo album on April 4, 2015, and the eighth single on May 27th, 2015, which is used as the theme of the opening theme of the second season of the anime series nisekoi... Then, the same year, she released her third solo album on April 4, 2015, and the eighth single on May 27, 2015, which was the opening theme of the second season of the anime series Nisekoi......, in nisekoi,... the theme for the closing theme of the nisekoi,... ” In july 2015, she performed “Id,” which was used in the theme of the 2015 video game dengeki bunko:... in July 2015, she performed “Id” which was used as the theme song of the 2015 video game “Dengeki bunko: The Fire-Fool Ch. ” In May 2015, she attended a matinee at Nisekobashi. Tickets were sold out. Then in the same year, she released her third solo album on April 4, 2015, and the eighth single on May 27, 2015, as the theme for the second season of the anime series Nisekobashi..... The theme for the second season of the anime series Nisekobashi... In July 2015, she performed the theme for the game Dengeki-banjo:... In July 2015, she performed the theme for the game the "banjo-fire-fool". In July 2015, she performed the theme of the game Niseko-banjo:... The second season of Nisekobashi was.... The second season of Nisekobashi was...... The song ’s the opening theme of the second season of Nisekobashi... The second season of Nisekobashi... In the third season, the third solo album was released on April 4, 2015 and the eighth single on May 27, 2015, which was the opening theme of the second season of Nisekobashi. Then, in the same year, she released her third solo album on April 4, 2015 and the eighth single on May 27, 2015, which was the opening theme of the second season of the anime series Nisekobashi... The first season of the anime series Nisekobashi... Then, the second season of the anime series Nisekobashi... In June 2015, she performed “Dengeki Bundo” as the theme for the game, “Dengeki Bundo: The Fire-Fool Ch.” in July 2015, she performed “Dengeki Bundo: The Fire-Fool Ch.” The second season of Nisekobashi was... In the third season, the third solo album was released on April 4, 2015, and the eighth single on May 27, 2015, which was the opening theme of the second season of Nisekobashi. In the second season, the third solo album was released on April 4, 2015, and the eighth single on May 27, 2015, which was the opening theme of the second season of Nisekobashi... The song was the theme of the game Nisekobashi,... In July, 2016, she played the theme of the game Nisekobashi,... The game Nisekobashi,... In July, she played the theme of the game Nisekobashi,... in Nisekobashi,... in Nisekobashi,.... in Nisekobashi.......... The song is the first season of Nisekobashi,.... The first season of Nisekobashi,... The song was the opening theme of the second season of Nisekobashi. In June 2015, she performed Dengeki Bundo as the theme for the game Dengeki Bundo:... In July 2015, she performed Dengeki Bundo as the theme for the game Dengeki Bundo:... In July 2015, she performed Dengeki Bundo:... The song was the opening theme of the second season of Nisekobashi........... The song is the first season of Nisekobashi... The second season of Nisekobashi... In May 2015, she attended a matinee at Nisekobashi.... In June 2015, she performed the theme of the game Dengeki Bajie:... in July 2015, she performed Dengeki Bajie:... In July 2015, she performed the theme of the game Nisekobashi:. In July, she performed the theme of the game Nisekobashi:... The theme of the game Nisekobashi,....... In “best day, best way,” she mentioned that the stanza was concerned with “what happened yesterday will lead to what happened today,” and that the words were written as if they were her own words. Having begun to sing the “best day, best way,” she was particularly anxious as she sang it, as if she was engrossed in “Brother” (as if the song were a diary), she found it difficult to persuade her audience to approve her next “Brother” song. “Brother,” she said, “has a feeling that the song increases in strength as she sings it, in the same way that love is nurtured through dates or love letters. “Brother,” she said, “has the feeling that the song increases in strength as she sings it, as is the case with a diary, like a love letter. In “best of days” she wrote that the stanza concerned “what happened yesterday will lead to what happened today,” and that the words were written as if they were her own. In an interview with oricon, lisa described her experiences with the traumerei. She said that because the traumerei was an original piece of anime, she wanted the song to be presented in the color of her own work, but even in the anime world, the song would be rocked out, as opposed to the pop music in the "best day, best way" of the song. She also spoke of her experience with the song "I'm a rock star," which symbolizes her fulfilling her dream of becoming a singer, and "Shiroi toiki" (,, white sigh) which represents the joy of happiness. “Brother,” she said, “has the feeling that the song is getting stronger as she sings it, like a diary, like a love letter. “Brother,” she said, “has the feeling that the song is growing stronger as she sings it, just as love is nurtured through dates and love letters. In the interview with oricon, lisa recounted her experiences with the song. She said that since the song was an original piece of anime, she wanted it to be presented in the color of her own work, but even in the anime world the song was already distorted, and the song was not praised in the anime world, but recited in the manga world. In the song "The Bright Flight", she told in a conversation with HMV Japan that it can be divided into two parts: pink and black.  and with regards to the video of the song, she wanted to express in color emotions in color, such as red represents confrontation, black represents feeling of being lost, and green represents danger.   In the interview with oricon, lisa described her experience with the traumerei. Because the traumerei was a piece of original anime, she wanted the song to be presented in the color of her own work, but in the anime world, the song would be rocked out, as opposed to the pop music in the traumerei in the "best day, best way" of the song. After he had started singing the ‘best day, best way,’ she was especially worried about singing the ‘best day, best way’ because she was so absorbed in the song (as if it were a diary) that she found it hard to get her audience to approve her next ‘best day’. In the interview with oricon, lisa described her experiences with the song. She said that because the song was an original piece of anime, she wanted it to be presented in the colour of her own work, but that even in the anime world, the song would be rocked out as opposed to the pop music of the song in the ‘best day’ song. In the ‘best day’ song she wrote that the stanza concerned ‘what happened yesterday leads to what happened today’ and that the words were written as if they were her own. In her experience with the song ‘Petitaka’, she said that it had a lovely melody and was written in a ‘cute’ style, while in black she wrote ‘My girl’ which had a ‘bad girl’ ‘look’, which had a ‘bad girl’ theme. ‘Petitaka’ she said, ‘feels that the song grows stronger as she sings it, like a diary or a love letter.’ ‘Petitaka’, she said, ‘feels that the song grows stronger as she sings it, as love grows stronger through dates and love letters.’ In the interview with oricon lisa told us about her experience with the song. Because the song was an original piece of anime, she wanted it presented in the same colour as her own work, but in the anime world it would be reinterpreted in the same way as the music in the trancen in the ‘best day, best way’. In ‘best day’ she wrote that the stanza dealt with ‘what happened yesterday led to today’ and that the words were written as if they were her own. In ‘best day’ she wrote that the stanza dealt with ‘what happened yesterday led to today’ and that the words were written as if they were her own. Isn't the singing song a little stronger than the singing? " She was so absorbed in the singing, as though she were a diary, that she found it difficult to get her audience to approve her next "best day". In an interview with oricon, lisa told us about her experience with the song. She said that since the song was an original piece of anime, she wanted the song to be presented in the colour of her own work, but in the anime world the song was rocked out as opposed to the pop music in the "best day" song. In the interview with oricon, lisa described her experience with the song. "Best day" she said that the stanza was about "best day" and that the words were a thing she had written. In "best day", she said that the stanza was about "last day" and that the words were a thing she had written. She said that "last day" was like "last day" and that "last day" was like "last day." "Brother," she said, "has the feeling that the song is growing stronger as she sings it, as if it were a diary, as if it were a love letter. " "Brother" said, "has the feeling that the song is growing stronger as she sings, as if it were a diary, like a love letter. "Brother," she said, "has the feeling that the song is growing stronger as she sings, as if it were a diary, like a love letter. " In the interview with oricon, lisa told us about her experiences with the song. Because the song was an original work of anime, she wanted the song to be presented in the color of her own work, but in the anime world, the song would be rocked out, as opposed to the pop music in the "best day, best way" song. In the best day, she wrote that the stanza "what happened yesterday leads to today," and that the words were written as if they were her own. " It was the feeling that the song grows stronger as she sings, like a diary, like a love letter. And if you would go so far as to take the correct word for the defendant in the song, it would mean that the criminal is she.... ent remarked in the Land of Stories that he wrote the song “A crossroads” “as a song of desire to forget the ill-conceived and the materialities of the past, and to be with someone you love who gives you the strength to grow even stronger...” Then, he went on, he noted in the land of stories that he wrote the song “A Crossroads” “as a desire to forget the broken and materialities of the past, and to be with someone you love who will help you grow stronger.” And if you took the correct word for the defendant in the song, you would have said that it was the prisoner herself... ” he concluded his review by saying that the album was full of positive and inspirational songs and that it showcased lisa’s talents as a singer. Unlike many anison singers who are known for their witty and sweet singing, lisa was capable of embracing a multitude of styles... “ Finally, he titled “Losers,” as “a savage and dreary song of heart that is at a loss and has fallen to loneliness, but still wants to poke a hole through the sky with his own light, shatter the darkness and create a new beginning... “ he concluded his review by saying that the album was full of positive and inspirational songs and that it showcasing lisa's talents as a singer. In the land of stories, he said that he wrote the song A Crossroads, "as a desire to forget the things that are not right and broken, and to be with someone you love who will help you grow stronger." Finally, he titled the song "Losers" as a savage and dreary song of heart that is lost and has fallen to loneliness, but still wants to tear a hole through the sky with his own light, shatter the darkness and create a new beginning. And if you took the correct word for the prisoner in the song, it means that the prisoner herself... " he concluded his review by saying that the album was full of positive and inspirational songs and that it showcased the talents of lisa. "