 “Fear of flying” (The simpsons) – “Fear of flying” is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994... “The Silence” is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the Silence. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying. “Afraid of flying” (the Silence) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the Silence. The episode was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks... when he wrecks a plane in the course of a pilot’s party at a bar where pilots are always being kept.... It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. “Fear of flying” (The simpsons) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. “Fear of flying” (The simpsons) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. The episode was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. Besides, there are a few guest stars, including anne bancroft as dr. zweig. Moreover, teddy danson, woody harrelson, rhea perlman, john ratzenberger, and george wendt are present as their characters... It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. “Afraid of flying” (The simpsons) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. “Fear of flying” (The simpsons) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. “Fear of flying” (The simpsons) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. The episode was directed by Mark Kirkland and written by david sacks. Moreover, teddy danson, woody harrelson, rhea perlman, john ratzenberger, and george wendt are present as their characters. Besides, there are some guest stars, including Anne Bancroft as dr. zweig. Besides, teddy danson, woody harrelson, rhea perlman, john ratzenberger, and george wendt are present as their characters... a flight at a bar where pilots are always kept..., he jumped on a airplane in the middle of a pilot's party at a bar where pilots are always kept.... It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994.... "Since the simpsons are afraid of flying," is the eleventh episode of the simpsons' sixth season.... "Since the simpsons are afraid of flying" is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. "Since the simpsons are afraid of flying" is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons.... a.. " The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, fear of flying is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was directed by Mark Kirkland and written by david sacks. Besides, teddy danson, woody harrelson, rhea perlman, john ratzenberger, and george wendt are present as their characters. “The simpsons are afraid of flying,” is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, and ‘the simpsons’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. “The simpsons are afraid of flying,” is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, and ‘the simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, and ‘the simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, and ‘the fear of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. ‘The fear of flying’ (The simpsons) is the eleventh episode of the sixth season of the simpsons. Moreover, teddy danson, woody harrelson, rhea perlman, john ratzenberger and george wendt are present as their characters... Besides, teddy danson, woody harrelson, rhea perlman, john ratzenberger and george wendt are present as their characters. Besides, there are some guests, including Anne Bancroft as dr. zweig. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, and ‘the simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. ‘The simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. It was broadcast on the Fox network in the united states on December 18, 1994. The simpsons say that marge is afraid of flying, and ‘the simpsons are afraid of flying’ is the eleventh episode of the simpsons’ sixth season. The other day, when there was a surprise for her, she was fully aware that he was not a pilot, but an apron – and that he was only a flight attendant, an occupation that was often reserved for women. Having known that she was not a pilot, she was a flight attendant – and her shame was subdued when she was told that she was not an aviation pioneer, and that she was not even her father’s daughter. The other day, when she was surprised, she had already realized that he was not a pilot but an apron-hater, and he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Marge also remembered the grandmother who poking her in the face when she was a baby, a toy plane catching fire, and a plane shooting at her and her mother, but nothing happened. She was not even his daughter. At last, marge was completely cured of her fears, but when she and homer went to fly again, the plane crashed into a lake... Marge also remembered her grandmother, who used to poke her in the face when she was a baby, a toy plane catching fire, a plane shooting at her mother and herself, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who pierced her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane catching fire, and a plane shooting at her and her mother, but nothing happened. Then, as a surprise, she realized that he was not a pilot, but a hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. In the end, Marge was finally free of her fears, but when she and homer went to fly again, the plane crashed into a lake..... The episode of fear of flying was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. The other day, when she was surprised, she had realized that he was not a pilot but an apron-hater, and he was a flight-flyer, a place often reserved for women. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a little girl, a toy-plane catching fire, and a plane shooting at her mother and herself, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy-plane catching fire, a plane shooting at her mother and herself, but nothing happened. Having known that she was not a pilot, she was a pilot, and her shame subsided when she was told that she was not an aviation pioneer, and that she was not even her father’s daughter. The episode of fear of flying was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. Earlier, when she was surprised, she had already realized that he was not a pilot but an apron-hater, and he was a flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flight-flighter. Then, as a surprise, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight-flight-flighter, a place often reserved for women. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who pierced her in the face when she was a child, a toy-plane caught fire, and a plane shot at her and her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poking her in the face when she was a child, a toy-plane caught fire, and a plane shot at her and her mother, but nothing happened. Marge finally recovered her fear, but when she and homer tried again, the plane crashed into a lake. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother and herself, but nothing happened. Then she discovered that he was not a pilot but a pilot, and her shame was subdued when she was told that she was not an aviation pioneer and that she was not even her father's daughter. The other day when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but a pilot, and he was a flight attendant, a position often reserved for women. This episode of fear of flying was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. The episode of fear of flying was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. The other day, when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. And the grandmother who pierced her when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who pierced her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire, and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and a plane shot at her and mother, but nothing happened. At last Marge recovered her fear, but when she and her husband tried to fly again, the plane crashed into a lake... The episode of fear of flying was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. The day before, when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot but an apron-hater and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. The other day when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Then she became surprised that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Then she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire, and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire, and fired at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. The other day when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. The other day, when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who had poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Then, as a surprise, she realized that he was not a pilot, but a hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. The episode of fear of flying was directed by mark kirkland and written by david sacks. The day before, when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hat ... Marge remembered her grandmother, who pierced her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane that caught fire and shot at her mother, but no more..... Then she became surprised that he was not a pilot, but a hat-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. The other day, when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Then she was surprised that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Then, in surprise, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and that he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Marge remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but no. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Marge also remembered her grandmother, who poked her in the face when she was a child, a toy plane caught fire and shot at her mother, but nothing happened. Then she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. Earlier, when she was surprised, she realized that he was not a pilot, but an apron-hater, and he was a flight attendant, a place often reserved for women. The other day, when she was Homer enters the boxing stall in a parody of the characters of the comic series. harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as norm... cultural references... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as the norm... cultural references... /sent> ironically, frasier crane, despite being played by simpsons veteran kelsey grammer, the voice of sideshow Bob.... Homer enters the boxing stall in a parody of the characters of the comic series. In the dream, marge finds her in the role of Mme. robinson from lost in space, and homer plays dr.... In the dream marge finds herself playing the role of Mme. Robinson, and Homer plays dr.... ironically, frasier crane, despite being played by veteran kelsey grammer, the voice of jockey Bob. Homer enters the boxing stall in a parody of the characters of the comic. Homer's mount lushmore caricature resembles eustace tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as the norm... cultural references... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as the norm... “Had I seen you again, you’d say, my dear,’ they say, and when you’re gone you’d say, ‘What a wonderful life you have,’ and then you’d say, ‘It’s raining,’ and that was a reference to home, for the second time in a row, when Absente’s brother was left behind on the plane, his slapping his hands and yelling echoed in the air, ‘Home is at home,’ and when Abe Simmsson was left behind on the plane, his slaps and yellings are called ‘home,’ and when Absente is left on the plane, he slaps his brother and yells at him, “It’s a fine life,’ says the weather girl. Homer enters the boxing stall in a parody of the characters of the comics. In the dream, marge finds her in the role of Mme. Robinson, and Homer plays dr.... ironically, frasier crane, despite being played by simpsons veteran kelsey grammer, the voice of jockey Bob. Homer’s slang motif on the Mount-Losmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff... Homer’s illustration of Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker. Hearstace Tilley’s slang on Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. ‘Had I seen you again, you’d say, my dear,’ they say, ‘and when you’re gone you’ll say, ‘What a fine life you’re leading,’ and that was a reference to ‘home’, for the second time in a row, when Absente’s brother was left on the plane he slapped his brother and yelled, ‘What a fine life you lead!’ and that was a reference to ‘home’, for the second time in a row, when Absente’s brother was left on the plane, his slaps and shouts were called ‘home’ and when Absente was left on the plane he slapped his brother and yelled, ‘It’s raining!’ and that was a reference to ‘home’ for the second time in a row, when Absente’s brother was left on the plane, his slaps and yells were called ‘home’, and when Abe Simmsson was left on the plane, his slaps and yells were called ‘home’, and when Absente was left on the plane, he slapped his brother and yelled, ‘It’s a fine life!’ Homer's caricature of Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. Homer enters the boxing stall in a parody of the characters of the comics. In the dream, marge finds herself playing the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr... ironically, frasier crane, even though it is played by simpsons veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. In the dream, marge finds herself playing the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr., ironically, frasier crane, even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob.'If I had seen you again,' they say, 'and when you're gone, you say: 'What a fine life you have,' and that is a reference to home, for the second time in a row, when Absente's brother was left on the plane, his slaps and yells were called home, and when Absente was left on the plane, he slapped his brother and shouted, 'It's raining,' and that was a reference to home, for the second time in a row, when Absente's brother was left on the plane, his slaps and yells were called home, and when Absente was left on the plane, he slapped his brother and yelled, 'It's raining,' and that was a reference to home, for the second time in a row, when Absente's brother was left on the plane, he slapped his brother and yelled, 'It's a fine life!' ironically, frasier crane, despite being played by veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. Homer enters the boxing stall in a parody of the characters of the comic. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr... ironically, frasier crane, even though it is played by simpsons veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr... ironically, frasier crane, despite the voice of the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. Homer’s caricature of Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker. Homer’s slang on Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. In the dream, marge finds herself playing the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr... ironically, a frasier crane, even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. The mount Loosmore caricature resembles eustace tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff... incense... autun... autun... ironically, frasier crane, although it is played by the voice of the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. hearstace Tilley’s slang on Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. “If I had seen you again,” they say, “and when you are gone you will say: “What a fine life you have,” and that is the reference to home, for The home-made plaster on Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff..... In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Madame Robinson, and Homer plays dr... ironically, frasier crane, despite being played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. The slang of Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. &&& and the slang of Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr. & and dr. - ironically, dr., even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob.  r, dr., ironically, dr., even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr., ironically, dr., ironically, dr., although it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. "If I had seen you again," they say, "and when you are gone, you say, "What a fine life you have," and that is a reference to home, and that is a reference to home, for the second time in a In the dream, marge finds herself playing the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays the role of dr., ironically, ironically, ironically, even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. In the dream, marge finds herself playing the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays the role of dr., ironically, ironically, even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. Homer’s sculpture on Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. The slang of Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr., ironically, ironically, although it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. The Loosmore cartoon resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker... harrelson as woody, rhea perlman as carla, john ratzenberger as cliff, and george wendt as cliff. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr., ironically, ironically, although it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. In the dream, marge finds herself in the role of Mme Robinson, and Homer plays dr., ironically, ironically, even though it is played by the veteran kelsey, the voice of jockey Bob. Homer's slang on Mount Loosmore resembles Eustace Tilley, the mascot of the New Yorker "... December 12 to 18, 1994, with a nelsen rating of nine. The episode was the third highest-rated episode on the fox network that week, beaten only by the queenly hills, 90210, and married... The episode was the third highest-rated episode on the fox network, beating only Queensland’s 90210 and married... – with children...’ , the broadcast was the third highest in the Fox network that week, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210 and married... with children.... Since then, the episode has been received with many favorable reviews from fans and critics. In January 2007, the magazine d'acourage de jour described the show's performance as one of the thirty - three most bizarre cameos in the history of the show. Warren martyn and adrian wood, the authors of the book i can't believe it... a more sagacious, improved version of the official simpsons manual, said that it was "a good marge-centric episode, with plenty of clever sequences; the tributes to the enigmatic and the Lost in Space are marvelous, and that the father of the devil looks suspiciously like a moe..." The episode was the third highest rated episode on the Fox, beating only the queenly hills, 90210, and married... “[29] The episode was the third highest rated episode on the Fox, only beaten by the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... with children. The fifth episode was the third highest rated episode on the Fox, beating only the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... “Colin Jacobson at the DVD huckster’s Book said that the episode was “an extraordinary homage to the mysterious and the lost in space, and that the devil’s father was suspiciously similar to a moe...”.... i didn’t realize how many words i stole from it: “the guy incognito,” the “dog incognito,” “a burden with a hassle”... [15]... ” ryan keefer, at the DRM review, said that “the ring of cheers” and a funny spoof of “north and south,” “the episode is much better than you would expect.” The broadcast was the third highest in the Fox network that week, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... ”[15], the episode was the third highest in the Fox network, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210 and married... and... ” The fifth episode was the third highest episode on the fox, beating only the queenly hills, 90210, and married... i didn't realize how many words I had to steal from it: "a guy incognito, a dog incognito, a burden with a lot of trouble"... - the show was the third highest episode on the fox, only beating the queenly hills, 90210, and married... ”[63] the episode was the third highest episode on the fox, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... "The fifth episode was the third highest episode on the fox, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... n> the phoenix named anne bancroft as one of the twenty best guest stars on the show. The interview with dr. Jackson, in the commentary of the magazine d'acourage de jour, said that the episode was "an extraordinary homage to the mysterious and the lost in space, and that the devil's father was suspiciously like a moe" [1]... n> the episode was the third highest on the fox, only beating the queenly hills, 90210 and married..., -[3] the episode was the third highest on the fox, only beating the queenly hills, 90210 and married... n The fifth episode was the third highest episode on the fox, beating only the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married. The show was the third highest episode on the fox, beating only the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... [290] The episode was the third highest episode on the fox, beating only the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... [293] The episode was the third highest episode on the fox, beating only the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married..... The episode was the third highest episode on the fox, beating only the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married.... Warren martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book i don't believe it... a more clever and improved version of the official simpsons manual, said that the episode was "an extraordinary homage to the mysterious and the lost in space, and that the father of the devil was suspiciously similar to a moe"...... "The episode was the third highest episode on the fox, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... " - i didn't know how many words I had to steal from it: "The guy incognito, the dog incognito, a burden with a lot of trouble" - "the episode was the third highest on the fox, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210, and married... " - The episode was the third highest on the fox, only beating the Queenly Hills, 90210 and married... n> other episodes of the show were: "Repelling moes", "krusty gets caught" and "the old homer"...