 It was the fourth studio album of everything,‘twas the fourth album by ‘the ridiculous,’ yankovic, released in 1986... It was the fourth studio album of everything, the fourth album of yankovic, released in 1986. It was the fourth studio album of yankovic... It was the fourth studio album of yankovic, and was the fourth studio album of "dare to be stupid. " This album is the fourth of yankovic's albums,' it was the fourth album of "dare to be stupid..." from april 1986 to september 1986, the album was yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, the fourth album of yankovic, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, the fourth album of "dare to be stupid"... The fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth of yankovic's albums, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... It was the fourth studio album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth studio album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth studio album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth studio album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth of yankovic's albums, it is the fourth of "dare to be stupid"... From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... This is the fourth album of everything, the fourth album of yankovic... It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of yankovic, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... It was the fourth album of yankovic, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... Despite this, the album was nominated for the grammy award for best liars in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, the fourth album of yankovic. This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid.' It was the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid.' This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid.' This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid.' It was the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid.' From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, 'dare to be stupid.' From april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, 'dare to be stupid.' This album is the fourth album of yankovic, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'. It is the fourth album of yankovic, it is the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid.' It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, the fourth album of "dare to be stupid." It is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of "dare to be stupid"... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of "dare to be stupid"... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of "dare to be stupid"... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of "dare to be stupid"... from april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... from april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... from april to september, the album is yankovic's follow-up to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... Despite this, the album was nominated for the grammy award for best liars in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic, fourth album of stupid. This album is the fourth album of yankovic, fourth album of stupid. This album is the fourth album of yankovic, fourth album of stupid. It is the fourth album of yankovic, fourth album of stupid. This album is the fourth album of yankovic, fourth album of stupid." The fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. It was the fourth album of everything, yankovic's fourth album, released in 1986. This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... From april to september, yankovic's sequel to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... from april to september, yankovic's sequel to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... from april to september, yankovic's sequel to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... from april to september, yankovic's sequel to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... From april to september, yankovic's sequel to his success in 1985, dare to be stupid... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... This album is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... It is the fourth album of yankovic, the fourth album of 'dare to be stupid'... From april to september, yankovic's second album of 'dare to be stupid'... “Not much,” he said, “for the time being.” And he even “didn’t really do it all the way” with the theme, and did indeed call it “a bit formulaic” in that regard... “On april 22, yankovic began to record three new original songs for his next album: “nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day, maybe” and “the dog eats the dog.” “On the 22nd of March yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day, perhaps,” and “the dog eats the dog.” And he didn’t do the whole thing right with the subject, and in fact he called it “too complicated” in that respect... The song is about unpleasant things as though they were daily indignations.... “One of those days” is a song which involves a terrible fact as if it were the theme of a kink in a kink. On the 22nd of March yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them,” “one day, perhaps,” and “dog eats the dog.” “On the 22nd of March yankovic began to record three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day, perhaps,” and “dog eats the dog.” “On the 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day, perhaps,” and “dog eats the dog.” “One of those days” is a song which covers a terrible subject as if it were the theme of a kink in the kink. “The song is about unpleasantness as if it were daily indignations.” Moreover, he did not do the whole thing right with the subject, and in fact he called it “too complicated” in that respect. And he did not do the whole thing right, and in fact he called it "too complicated"... "On the 22nd of March, yankovic began to record three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them," "one day, maybe," and "dog eats the dog." "On the 22nd," he said, "yankovic began to record three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them," "one day, maybe" and "dog eats the dog." "At first i thought that it was kind of cool that i had a desk and a desk, but after a while it seemed to me that my soul had been sucked out of me. " One of those days" is a song which includes a terrible thing, as if it were the theme of a twilight. The song is about unpleasant things, as if it were daily indignation. "On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them," "one day, maybe", "dog eats the dog." "The 22nd," he said, "yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them," "one day, maybe," and "dog eats the dog." And he did not do it all right with the subject, and in fact called it “too complex”... “On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” “dog eats.” “On the 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats.” “The 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats.” “On the 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats.” “At first i thought it was cool that i had a desk and a desk, but after a while i felt as if my soul had been sucked out of me....” “On the 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats.” “On the 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats the dog.” On the 22nd, yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats the dog.” “On the 22nd,” he said, “yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: “Nothing to wear these shoes,” “one day,” and “dog eats the dog.” "On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them," "one day, maybe" and "dog eats the dog." "On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes, no one to wear them," "one day, maybe" and "dog eats the dog." "It's not much," he said, "for the time being. " On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes," "one day", "dog eats the dog". "On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes," "one day", "dog eats." "At first i thought it was cool to have a desk and a desk, but after a while it seemed to me that my soul was being sucked out. " On the 22nd yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes," "one day", "dog eats." "On the 22nd," he said, "yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes," "one day", "dog eats." "On the 22nd," he said, "yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes," "one day," "dog eats." "The 22nd," he said, "yankovic began to write three new original songs for his next album: "Nothing to wear these shoes," "one day", "dog eats." " At first i thought that it was kind of funny that i had a desk and a desk, but after a while i felt as if my soul was being sucked out of me... " In September 11 when the universal name "Loser Point" was adopted for the earthly center where two attacks took place, the confounding lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. However, yankovic directed the video, which was largely composed of stock footage, and a live action sequence, which was filmed in an economically devastated part of the bronx, new york, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. In September 11, when the universal name of the Loser Point was adopted for the center of the world, where two attacks were carried out, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. However, yankovic directed the film, largely composed of stock footage, and a live action sequence, which took place in a forgotten industrial part of the bronx, new york, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. “The final original which yankovic produced was “in the right place,” a country song saga, about the lover of the singer, who, though not the best, is doing the best she can. The ‘Last Meeting’ was adopted as the global centre of the world, where two attacks were carried out, and the meaningless lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. However, Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in an industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. In September 11, when the universal name ‘Last Meeting’ was adopted for the center of the world, where two attacks were carried out, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. However, Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial part of the Bronx, where they claimed that a bomb had been dropped. The idea that yankovic should parody a song that was not a rock star, and would be a perfect partner for the scotti brothers’ record ‘everything but great’ “and would make yankovic parody a musician on the same label. In September 11, when the universal name of the Death Guard was adopted for the Center of the World where two attacks were made, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. But Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in an industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb was dropped. The final original yankovic composed was “In the right place,” a song about the lover of the singer who, though not the best, is doing what she can. The last original was “in the right place,” a song about the lover of the singer, who, though not the best, is doing what she can. In September 11, when the universal name of the Death of the Angry Bird was adopted as the centre of the world, where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. However, Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, which took place in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where they said that a bomb had been dropped. In order to accurately write the song, yankovic consulted various types of hernias. “I’m not a great dancer, I didn’t go to dance at all when I was in high school, but if I analyse dance routines analytically, i can make up my mind.” In September 11, when the universal name of the Loser Point was adopted for the earthly center where two attacks were carried out, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. But Yankovic directed the film, largely composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. In September 11, when the universal name of the Death Guard was adopted for the center of the world where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. But Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. In September 11, when the universal name of the Death Guard was adopted for the center of the world, where two attacks were carried out, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. But Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. In September 11, when the universal name of the Death of the Angry Bird was adopted as the center of the world, where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. However, Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. "I'm not a great dancer, I didn't dance at all when I was in high school, but if I analyze dance routines and judge them by the figures, i can decide." But yankovic directed the film, mainly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the city, where they said that a bomb had been dropped. The last original yankovic made was “In the right place,” a song about the lover of a singer, who, although not the best, is doing the best. In September 11, when the universal name of the death of the Angry Bird was adopted as the center of the world, where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. But Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where they said a bomb was dropped. In September 11, when the universal name of the death of the Angry Bird was adopted as the centre of the world, where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio; but Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. In September 11, when the universal name of the death of the Angry Bird was adopted as the center of the world, where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio; however, Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and a live action sequence, set in a forgotten industrial and subterranean part of the Bronx, where it was said that a bomb had been dropped. The idea that yankovic should parody a song that was not a rock star and could serve as the perfect companion for the Scotti brothers' album “Everything but great,” and make yankovic parody a musician on the same label, he consulted different hernias to know what to parody. In September 11, when the universal name of the death of the Angry Bird was adopted as the center of the world, where two attacks were committed, the incomprehensible lyrics of this song were banned from the radio. But Yankovic directed the film, mostly composed of stock footage and “This is johnny,” the song, a loving ode to the tonight show, starring johnny carson, announcing man el debarge, features the voice of john roarke, who was famous for the episode of fridays on television. According to yankovic, Peter Wolf, the man who wrote “Who’s Johnny”, liked the parody so much that he brought the floppy disk with all the synthesizer parts from the original song to the studio when yankovic was recording his parody. Then came the "You're a "Jony" -- a loving ode to the nighttime show of the same name, starring johnny carson, announcing the arrival of El Debarge, and sung by the voice of john roarke, a well-known comedian of the daytime television. According to yankovic, the man who wrote the 'Who's Johnny' liked the parody so much that he brought a floppy disk of the original song to the studio as yankovic was recording the parody. The parody, which was based on the "Poetry of the Rats," was recorded on August 29, 1986. The song was a parody of mick jagger's "Running Old Men," from which the album was recorded, was in a parody of "Running Old Men" and the "Running Old Men" song, which was recorded at the time of the film ruthless. Yankovic took it into his head to go on with the parody, so he asked Jagger to record a parody. The song was a parody of the popular show The Tonight Show, starring johnny carson, who had announced El Debarge, and sung by the voice of john roarke, a famous comedian from daytime television. According to Yankovic, the man who wrote the parody of "The Old Old Rules" liked the parody so much that he brought the floppy disk with all the synthesizer parts from the original song to the studio. The parody, based on the "Royal Song," was recorded on August 29, 1986. The parody was based on the "The Old Rules" album, which was recorded in a parody of the Old Rules and the Old Rules song, which was recorded at the time of the movie Rustless. According to Yankovic, Peter Wolf, the author of the "Who's Johnny" song, liked the parody so much that he brought the floppy disk with all the synthesizer parts from the original song to the studio when yankovic was recording the parody. " You're a Joker" was a loving ode to the old Rules, which starred johnny carson, announcer of El Debarge, which sung by the voice of john roarke, a famous comedian of the daytime. " And as the parody's song did not reach the top 40, yankovic considered not recording it, but because jagger had "authorized" the parody, he decided not to publish it. The song was a parody of the popular show, The Tonight Show, starring johnny carson, announcing the arrival of El Debarge, and it was sung by the voice of john roarke, a famous comedian on the nighttime. The song was based on the "Poetry of the Rats", which was recorded on the same day as "Here's johnny", a song which was based on the "Running Old Men", a song which was recorded in the time of the film Rustless. According to Yankovic, Peter Wolf, the author of "Who's Johnny" liked the parody so much that he brought a floppy disk with all synthesizers from the original song to the studio. The parody, which was based on the "Poetry of the Rats" (the song), was recorded on the 29th of August 1986. The parody, which was based on the "Romance" album, was recorded in a parody of the "Romance" and the "Romance" song, which were recorded at the time of the film Rustless. "You are a Joker" was a love song to the old rules, starring johnny carson, announcer of El Debarge, and sung by the voice of John roarke, the famous comedian of the day. The song, which was based on the "Romance" album, was recorded in a parody of the "Rustless" and the "Rustless" song, which was recorded at the time of the film Rustless. Yankovic, Peter Wolf, the author of the "Who is Johnny" song, liked the parody so much that he brought a floppy disk with all synthesizer parts from the original song to the studio. And as the song did not reach the top 40, he decided not to record it, but because jagger "authorized" the parody, he decided not to publish it. The parody, based on the "Royal Song" was recorded on August 29, 1986. There was a song called "The Tonight Show", the song was a love song about the old rules, starring johnny carson, who was going to announce the arrival of El Debarge, and was sung by johnny roarke, a famous comedian from the night. Yankovic wished to continue with the parody, so he asked Jagger to play the parody. Yankovic, Peter Wolf, the author of the "Who's Johnny", was so enchanted by the parody that he brought a floppy disk with all synthesizers from the original song to the studio. The parody of the "Poetry of the Rats" (the song) was recorded on the 29th of August, 1986. The parody of the "Poetry of the Rats" was recorded in a parody of the "Rustless" and the "Rustless" song, which was recorded in the time of the film Rustless. The parody of the "Poetry of the Rats" was recorded on the 29th of August, 1986. The song was based on the "Poetry of the Rats" and was based on the "Rustless" and "Rustless" song, which was recorded in the time of the film Rustless. The parody of the "Poetry of the Rats" was recorded on the 29th of August, 1986. The song was based on the "Poetry of the Rats" - a song about the nightly show johnny carson announces the arrival of El Debarge and sung by the voice of John roarke, a famous comedian of the night. In this song the lyrics of the song – ‘The Tonight Show,’ a song of love and entertainment, starring johnny carson, who was going to announce the arrival of El Debarge, sung by the voice of Johnny “Royal”, a famous comedian from the day. Yankovic wanted to continue with the parody, so he asked Jagger to play the parody. The parody of “Royal Song” was recorded on the 29th of August, 1986. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’, a song which was based on ‘The Old Rules’, a song which was based on ‘The Old Rules’, recorded in the days of the film ‘Rustless’. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’, and was based on ‘The Old Rules’, a song recorded at the time of ‘Rustless’. Yankovic, Peter Wolf, the author of ‘Who’s Johnny’, was so in love with the song that he brought the floppy disk with all the synthesizers from the original song to the studio. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’, and was based on ‘The Old Rules’ and ‘The Old Rules’, which were both recorded at the time of ‘Rustless’. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’ and was based on ‘The Old Rules’ and ‘Rustless’, which were both recorded at the time of ‘Rustless’. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’, and was based on ‘The Old Rules’ and ‘The Old Rules’, which were both recorded at the time of ‘Rustless’. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’, and was based on ‘The Old Rules’ and ‘Rustless’, which were recorded at the time of ‘Rustless’. The song was based on ‘The Old Rules’, and was based on ‘The Old Rules’ and ‘The Old Rules’, which were both from the ‘Royal Nights’ of the movie. The song was based on ‘You’re a Joker’ and based on the old rules, which was played by johnny carson ... Allmusic critic eugene chadbourne gave the album three stars and wrote that “it’s possible that anyone could feel let down by this album.” He was mainly critical of the parody choices, as many of the original versions would be forgotten in “a hundred years’ time.... christopher thelen from the Daily Vault played the polka. Allmusic critic eugene chadbourne gave the album three stars, and wrote that "anyone could be affected by this album"; and he was particularly critical of the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten in "a hundred years' time." Christopher thelen played the polka. He wrote that the parodies and the originals were not good and that "yankovic" was "moving at full speed"... christopher thelen was a polka player and gave the record a poor score and wrote that "it might well have been a "last call" for yankovic. " No doubt it was not a critical success, but it was nominated for a grammy award for best comedy album in 1987, but lost to bill cosby. A review by the Daily Vault was given to Christopher Thelen, who played polka, and the record was not very good and "yankovic was "throwing himself" from the first violin. Two of the songs on the album "hernia" and "avoiding the spuds" were included on yankovic's first greatest hits album (in 1988) and "avoiding the spuds" on the second edition (in 1994). Christopher Thelen was a polka player and gave the record a poor score and wrote that it might well have been the "last call" for yankovic.... however, the album did not make much impression on critics and, in particular, criticized the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten by a hundred years. "... " Despite the bad reception, many of the songs on the album, such as "dog eat dog," "alien to spuds" and "alien to spuds", became fan favorites and live hits. , christopher thelen from the Daily Vault played the polka. Two of the songs on the album “hernia” and “avoiding the spuds” were included on yankovic’s first best-seller album in 1988, and “avoiding the spuds” on the second edition (in 1994). The critic eugene chadbourne gave the album three stars, and wrote that “everyone could be affected by this album”; and he was particularly critical of the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten in “a hundred years’ time.” However, the album did not impress critics very much, and, in particular, the parodies, as many of the original versions would be forgotten in a hundred years. The same review by the Daily Vault gave Christopher Thelen the record, which was not very good, and “Yankovic was shouting” from the first violin. It was a bad record, and “yankovic” seemed to be “busting out” from the first violin. Christopher Thelen played polka. He wrote that the parodies and the originals were not good and that “yankovic was jumping out” from the first violin. Nevertheless, the album did not make much impression on the critics, especially the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten in “a hundred years’ time.” The record was not good, and yankovic had thrown himself from the first violin. A review by the Daily Vault gave Christopher Thelen a bad score and yankovic was "tossing himself" from the first violin. The album, The Hernia and the Stabbing Squires was included on the first best seller album in 1988, and "The Stabbing Squires" in the second edition in 1994. However, the album did not impress the critics very much, and particularly the parodies, because many of the original versions would be forgotten in a hundred years. "... " Nevertheless, the album did not impress the critics very much, especially the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten in a hundred years. The same review by the Daily Vault gave Christopher Thelen a bad score and wrote that "Yankovic began to jump out of the first violin. " In spite of the bad reception, many of the songs on the album, such as "dog eats dog," "Alien to spuds" and "alien to spuds" became favorite and live hits. "Christian Thelen played polka. He wrote that the parodies and the originals were not good and that "Yankovic seemed to jump out from the first violin. " Despite this, the album did not impress critics very much and, in particular, the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten in a hundred years. The reviewer at the Daily Vault gave Christopher Thelen the record, which was not very good, and Yankovic "thresholds" from the first violin. Christopher Thelen played the polka. He wrote that the parodies and the originals were not good and that "Yankovic "stifled" from the first violin. Christopher Thelen played the polka, and wrote that the parodies and the originals were not good and that "Yankovic jumped out" from the first violin. It was a bad record, and "Yankovic "threw himself" from the first violin. Despite the bad reception, many of the songs on the album, such as "dog eats", "alien to spuds", "alien to spuds" and "alien to spuds" were favorite and live hits. A review by the Daily Vault gave Christopher Thelen a bad score, and "Yankovic jumped out" from the first violin. Nevertheless, the album did not impress the critics, especially the parodies, since many of the original versions would be forgotten in a hundred years. "Christian Thelen played polka. He wrote that the parodies and the originals were not good, and that "Yankovic was leaping out" from the first violin. The same review by the Daily Vault gave Christopher Thelen the record, which was not very good, and that "Yankovic jumping out" from the first violin. But the album did not impress the critics very much, especially the parodies, because many of the original versions would be forgotten in a hundred years. "It is impossible to predict whether this album will be successful, but it was nominated for a grammy award in 1987, but was lost to bill cosby. Despite the bad reception, many of the songs on the album, such as "dog eats dog", "alien to spuds" and "alien to spuds" were favorite and live songs. The music, titled Hernia and "thelien to spuds" was included on the first best-selling album in 1988, and the second edition in 1994. the other suppositions include the soundtrack to the movie uhf (in 1989), and poodle hat (in 2003)... It was a three-part release with other albums by Yankovic, and in July of that same year the riaa reissued it. As a result of the low sales, the supposition was resubmitted to a budget release along with other yankovic albums... “He was more or less in love with that last musical; he noted that he was aware that he was in the process of making a career in his own right...” —the supposition was particularly repulsive in the public mind; in fact, they had a reissue in July of that same year, with a refund. — By way of compensation, the supposition was put on hold for a third time, together with the other albums by Yankovic, in addition to the other songs on the supposition... yankovic explained that “i assumed I had hit the peak of my career with'Eat it,' and like a surgeon, and people were gradually forgetting about me and I was on the verge of obscurity.” The track listing and credits were taken from the album notes... but the next album, even worse, would resurrect his career and become his best selling album at that time; this experience led him to realize that "disagreements have their peaks and valleys, and when I am struggling through rough times, another peak may be just around the corner..." The supposition, on the other hand, was set aside for a third time, along with the other albums by Yankovic, and additional songs.... “He is rather fond of the last musical; he states that he is aware that he is in the process of establishing himself as a musician and...