 "." (Received from the Arabic:, jifna) is a palestinian village in the state of ramallah and al-Alah, located in the central west bank of the palestine. It is situated about 1 km (0.5 mi) north of ramallah and 23 km (14 mi) north of jerusalem. —Jifna (Persecuted in the Arabic: jifna) is a village in the Hamada province of Ramallah and al-Alah in the Central West Land, on the west bank of the Aqaba River. It is about one-fourth of a kilometre north of Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres west of Jerusalem. jifna is governed by a village council, of which chairman jabi na’ im kamil was in charge. Jifna was called gophnah (in Hebrew) in the time of the first Jewish–Roman war and after its conquest became a roman colony. It was called,, in hebrew, and, after its conquest, became a roman regional capital. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian-born archdeacon of Hamada, Ramallah and Al-Alah in the central West Land on the west bank of the Aqaba River. It is a village of a Palestinian tribe in the Hamada, Hamada province in the Hamada Land, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, about one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. The city was built in 6th century CE, but fell into disrepair and was not rebuilt until the crusaders in the 10th century. (Jewish) Jifna was called in Hebrew at the time of the first Jewish–Roman war, and at its conquest became a Roman colony. Later the city grew less prominent, but in spite of this prospered, thanks to the proximity of trade and byzantine and arab rule. Jifna is governed by a council of the jabi na’im kamil. And Jifna (Persecuted by the Arabic: jifna) is a Palestinian village in the Hamada, Hamada, and Al-Alah Counties in the Central West Land, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, and is located about 1 kilometer (1 mile) north of Ramallah and 23 kilometer (1 mi) north of Jerusalem. It is a village of the Palestinian tribe in Hamada, Hamada, Hamada, in the Hamada Counties, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, about one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. Jifna (persecuted in the Arabic jifna) is a village in the Hamada, Hamada, in the Hamada Counties, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, in the Hamada Counties, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. Jifna was called in Hebrew at the time of the first Jewish-Roman war, and after its conquest became a Roman colony. It was called in Hebrew, and after its conquest became a roman colony. In the modern era, the church of St. George has become a tourist attraction. The city was built in the 6th century, but fell into ruin and was not rebuilt until the crusaders in the 10th century. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian-born archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, and al-Alah, in the central west lands, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, about one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six miles from Jerusalem. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian-born archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, and al-Alah, in the central west lands, on the west bank of the Aqaba River. It is called in Hebrew, and, after (Jewish) Jifna was called in Hebrew when the first Jewish and Roman war was over, and then became a Roman colony, because of the proximity of trade and byzantine and arab rule. The city was built in the 6th century, but fell into disrepair and was rebuilt only after the crusaders in the 10th century. It was called Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, and Al-Alah in the central West Land, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, and it is located about one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, and Al-Alah, in the central West Land, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, and Al-Alah, in the central West Land, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. It was built in the 6th century, but fell into disuse and was not rebuilt until the crusaders in the 10th century. It was called in Hebrew and later became a Roman colony. It was called in Hebrew, and after the conquest became a roman colony. Jifna was called in Hebrew at the time of the first Jewish-Roman war, and after the conquest became a Roman colony. The city was called in Hebrew, and after the conquest became a roman colony. Jifna is governed by a village council, which is headed by the head of jifna. and - Jifna (named in the Arabic language - jifna) is a village in the Hamada, Hamada, Hamada, Al-Alah in the Central West Land, on the West Bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a mile from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, Al-Alah in the Central West Land, on the west Bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a mile from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. The village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada, and Al-Alah in the central west, on the west Bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a mile from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon of Hamada, Hamada and Al-Alah in the central west, on the west Bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a mile from Ramallah and seventy-six miles from Jerusalem. Jifna was called in Hebrew in the time of the first Jewish-Roman war, and then became a Roman colony, because of the proximity of trade and of the arab. Jifna was called in Hebrew, and after the conquest became a Roman colony. Jifna was called in Hebrew, and after the conquest became a Roman colony. It was called in Hebrew and after the conquest became a roman colony. The name of the village is Jifna, the name of the Palestinian archdeacon Hamada, Hamada, Al-Alah, in the central west, on the west bank of the Aqaba River, one-fourth of a kilometre from Ramallah and seventy-six kilometres from Jerusalem. the talmudic name comes from the Hebrew root word gefen, which means "vine."... ) Roman wars in the 1st century ce. The town is depicted on the map of madaba, and is situated north of the city of gibeon (ah - jib ) and also mentioned in the talmud as ben gufnin, a "city of priests." The name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, was placed north of the city of gibeon (ah, jib) and also mentioned in the Talmud as ben gufnin, a city of priests. The Roman wars of the 1st century ce. Around 50 BCE the general cassius sold the inhabitants to slavery for the failure to pay his taxes. Then, however, they were freed by Mark Antony shortly after he took power. In the 1st century ce. (Ecclesiastical name comes from the Hebrew root “ghost.”) In the 2nd century ce. the Roman wars in the 1st century ce. (Ecclesiastical name comes from the Hebrew root “ghost”—“vine”...) The name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, was situated north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and also mentioned in the Talmud as ’Bayan – City of Priests. Around 50 BCE the general cassius sold the people to slavery for the failure to pay his taxes, but they were freed by Mark Antony, shortly after his reign. The Roman emperor vespasian occupied the city in 68, established an army garrison in it, and surrounded the city with Jewish priests and other notables who had surrendered to him. The name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, was located north of the city of gibeon (ah, jib) and also mentioned in the Talmud as the city of priests. It is called by the name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, and is situated north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and is mentioned in the Talmud as a city of priests. The Roman wars in the first century ce. (Ecclesiastical name comes from the Hebrew root, gufnin,... (The name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, was situated north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and also mentioned in the Talmud as a city of priests. The town was named in the map of madaba and was situated north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon) and was also mentioned in the Talmud as a city of priests. In the 1st century, the Roman wars in the 1st century (the name of the church is from the Hebrew root ghoul ). The name of the city, as it is called in the map of madaba, is situated north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and also mentioned in the Talmud as 'Bayan', the city of priests. jifna, together with most of palestine, was annexed by the Ruach a[55] rashidun juniper under the imam Ali a [55] khattab[64] It is named in the madaba map, and it is situated north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and in the Talmud it is called ‘city of priests’. In the 1st century, in the 1st century, in the 1st century (the name of the church is from the Hebrew root gufnin,...” (The name of the church is from the Hebrew root gufnin, ‘vine’) The Roman wars of the 1st century (Ecclesiastical name comes from the Hebrew root gufnin...”) In the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin, ‘crown’). The name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, was situated north of the city of gibeon, ah, gibeon, and also mentioned in the Talmud as a city of priests. The name of the city, as it is called on the map of madaba, was located north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon) and also mentioned in the Talmud as a city of priests. In the 1st century, the Roman wars in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin,... ) The Roman wars in the 1st century ce. The city was called on the map of madaba and was located north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and also mentioned in the Talmud as a city of priests. In the 1st century ce. (The name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin,... The city was named in the map of madaba, and was situated north of the city of gibeon, ah, gibeon, and also mentioned in the talmud as a city of priests. In the 1st century, in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin... ) In the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin... ) In the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) The name of the city, as it is called on the talmud, is located north of the city of gibeon (ah, gibeon), and is also mentioned in the talmud as a city of priests. (Ecclesiastical name comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) In the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) In the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) In the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin), in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin). The Roman wars in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the name of the church comes from the Hebrew root gufnin) in the 1st century (the sent> a large courtyard, in the area of Jifna. It had a monumental gate, with a portcullis, a big vaulted hall, and thick walls of fine masonry... A large court was located in the quarter of Jifna. It was a large court, on the western side of the village. There was a monumental gate, with a portcullis, a large hall with a vault, and thick walls of fine stone...... According to the American biblical scholar edward robinson, in the heart of the village there are traces of the walls, of which the houses have been built. A large court was located in the neighborhood of Jifna. It had a monumental gate with a portcullis, a huge hall with a vault, and thick walls of fine stone... According to the American biblical scholar Edward Robertson, in the very heart of the village, traces of the walls have been left behind of which the houses were built. It had a magnificent courtyard in the suburb of Jifna. There was a great cloister with a portcullis, a great vaulted hall, and thick walls of fine stone. A large court was situated in the suburb of Jifna. It was a large court on the western side of the village. It had a great gate, with a portcullis, a great hall with a vault, and a very finely wrought masonry. In the suburb of Jifna, there was a large court, on the west side of the village, with a great gate, a portcullis, a great hall with a vault, and very fine masonry... A large court was situated in the neighborhood of Jifna, it had a great gate with a portcullis, a great hall with a vault, and thick walls of fine masonry... According to the American biblical scholar Edward Robertson, in the very heart of the village, traces of the walls have been left behind of which the houses were built.... It was under the management of the «ta-q» district, part of the larger jerusalem district, in the ottoman reign, it was the only village, christian, in the district. a large court was located in the village of Jifna. It had a huge gate with a portcullis, a big vaulted hall and thick walls of stone... a large court was located in the village of Jifna. There was a great hall with a portcullis, a big vaulted hall, and thick walls of stone. But he added that the state of Jifna was to be blessed by the use of the name 'Mr. Taq' (Mr. Taq's district) was a christian district. It was managed by the Taq district, a part of the larger, larger districts of Jerusalem, in the Ottoman Empire, and was the only christian district in the district. In the suburb of Jifna there was a large court, on the western side of the village, with a large gate, a vaulted hall, and a very fine masonry. It was a large court, in the suburb of Jifna. It had a great gate with a vaulted hall, and thick walls of stone. It had a large court in the suburb of Jifna. There was a great hall with a vaulted ceiling, and thick walls of stone. The ottomans did not use the remains of the castle, known as burj jifna, as a prison in the 19th century. A large court was situated in the suburb of Jifna, it had a large gate with a vaulted ceiling, and thick walls of stone. In the early 1830s, ibrahim pasha of egypt conquered most of the Levant, including palestine.... The court was situated in the quarter of Jifna, it was a big court on the west side of the city. It had a great court with a portcullis, a great hall with a vault, and thick walls of stone. A large court was situated in the suburb of Jifna, it had a great court with a vault, and thick walls of stone. A large court was located in the suburb of Jifna, it had a great court with a vault, and thick walls of stone. A great court was located in the suburb of Jifna, it had a great gate with a vault, a large hall with a vault and thick walls of stone. In the early 1830s, the ibrahim pasha of egypt conquered the entire Levant, including the small of the palestine. The ottomans did not use the remains of the castle, known as the sacrament of the burj jifna, as a prison. In the suburb of Jifna, there was a large court, on the west side of the village, with a large gate, a vaulted hall, and thick walls. A large court was located in the suburb of Jifna, it had a large hall with a vaulted ceiling and thick walls. In the district of Jifna, there was a large court, on the west side of the village, with a great gate, a vaulted hall, and thick walls of stone. But he added that the state of Jifna was blessed by the name "Taq" (Taq's district), in the Ottoman Empire, the only Christian district in the district. In the vicinity of Jifna there was a large court on the west side of the town with a great gate, a vault, and thick walls. A large court was located in the vicinity of Jifna, there was a large court with a vault, and thick walls. The court was located in the vicinity of Jifna, it had a large gate, a vault, and thick walls. A large court was located in the vicinity of Jifna, there was a great court with a vault, and thick walls. The court was located in the suburb of Jifna, there was a large court with a vault, and thick walls. A large court was located in the suburb of Jifna, it had a large gate, a vault, and thick walls. It was the name of the "Taq" district, a part of the larger, larger Jerusalem districts of the Ottoman Empire, and was the only christian district in the district. A large court was located in the suburb of Jifna, it had a large court with a vault, and thick walls. In the early 1830s, the ibrahim pasha of egypt conquered the whole Levant, even the small of the palestine. The court was located in the suburb of Jifna, it had a great court with a vault, and thick walls. In the suburb of Jifna, there was a great court, on the west side of the town, with a large gate, a vault, and thick walls. In the neighborhood of Jifna, there was a great court with a vault, and thick walls. In the district of Jifna, there was a great court with a vault, and thick walls. The court was located in the city of Jifna, it was a large court on the west side of the town, with a great gate with a vault, and thick walls. A large court was located in the city of Jifna, it had a great hall with a vault and thick walls. The court was located in the city of Jifna, it had a large court with a vault and thick walls. It was located in the city of Jifna, it ... in the courtyard of St... in the courtyard of St.. The church is a sarcophagus... the church is a sarcophagus... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... - The church is a sarcophagus. - In the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... - in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... - in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... - in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... - “In the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... ‘In the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... ... In the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... “In the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint ... In the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint... in the courtyard of Saint But now jifna has jurisdiction over six, i.e., 1,045 dunams, of which 53 dunams were classified as building - up, and a further 20,000 dunams were planted with olives, apricots, and other fruits. 14 The jifna district is now divided into seven, i.e., 445 dunams, of which 52 were declared as building - up. The jifna district is now divided into seven districts, of which 57 districts were given the prefecture of new construction. The six districts now comprised a total of 1,045 dunams, of which 53 were allocated to the construction of new construction. The district of jifna now encompasses six districts, 1,045 of which 53 are platted as new construction, and a further 20,000 dunams were planted with olives, apricots and other fruits. The village is located in a district of about seven kilometers (as far as ramallah and al-i-bireh) northwest of ramallah and al-i-bireh, and about 23 kilometers (14 mi) north of jerusalem. There is now a county in the town of jifna; the county has six districts, and five are now occupied by new construction; of these five, 50 are to be occupied by olives, apricots and other fruits. The district of jifna now comprises six, or 1,045 dunams, of which 53 are to be occupied by new construction, and a further 20,000 dunams were set aside for the cultivation of olives, apricots and other fruits. This county is divided into seven districts, of which 57 districts are to be occupied by the new construction. The six districts now total 1,045 dunams, of which 53 are to be planted in new construction. The districts of jifna now total 1,045 dunams, of which 53 are to be planted in the cultivation of new buildings. The village is connected to the main ramallah and - - - nablus highway by a road to the eastern side of the village. The village is situated in a district approximately seven kilometres (south of ramallah and - - - ) northwest of ramallah and - ibireh, and about 23 kilometres (15 mi) north of Jerusalem. The district of jifna now contains six districts, of which 53 are for new construction, and a further 20,000 are for the cultivation of olives, apricots, and other fruits. The district of jifna now contains six districts, of which 53 are for new construction, and a further 20,000 are for cultivated olives, apricots and other fruits. In the town of jifna, there is a county, a county with six districts, five are for new construction; and in these five districts, fifty are for olives, apricots and other fruits. The country is divided into seven districts, 57 districts, of which 53 are for new construction; the six districts are for new construction; and the districts are for cultivated olives, apricots and other fruits. The town of jifna is divided into seven districts, of which 53 are for new construction, and 20,000 are for cultivated olives, apricots and other fruits. The districts of jifna are now divided into seven districts, and the seven districts are divided into the prefecture of new construction; the six districts are divided into 1,045 dunams, and the others are divided into 20,000 dunams. The city of jifna has a temperate, mediterranean climate based on local data for ramallah, the average monthly temperature is 55° f (12° ) in january to 84° f (29° ) in august, the corresponding low is 39° f ( 4° ) and 63° f ( 17° ). The Jifna district now has six, i.e., 1,045 dunams, of which 53 are to be given for new construction, and a further 20,000 to be given for cultivated olives, apricots, and fruits. The city of jifna is a temperate, Mediterranean climate based on local data. In ramallah, the average monthly temperature is 55° (13°) in January to 84° (29°) in august, and the corresponding low is 39° (4) and 63° (17°). The city of jifna is divided into seven districts, of which five are for new construction, and the others 20,000 are for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. The jifna district now comprises six districts, of which 53 are for new construction, and a further 20,000 are for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. The village is situated in a district of seven kilometres (north of ramallah and ibireh) northwest of ramallah and ibireh, and about 23 kilometres (15 miles) north of Jerusalem. The municipality of jifna is divided into seven districts, and the seven districts are divided into the prefecture of new construction; the six districts are divided into 1,045 dunams, and the others are divided into 20,000 dunams. The city of jifna has a temperate Mediterranean climate based on the local data of ramallah. In January the average temperature was 55° – 12°, in august it was 84° – 29°. The average low was 39° – 4°, and the lowest was 39° – 6°, and – 17°. In the city of jifna there are now six districts, of which 53 are for new construction, and a further 20,000 are for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. The districts of jifna now contain six, of which 53 are for new construction, and a further 20,000 for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. The city of jifna has a temperate, Mediterranean climate, based on local information: in ramallah the average monthly temperature is 55° (13°) in January, in august, 39° (four) and 63° (five). The jifna district now has six, or 1,045 dunams, which are for new construction, and a further 20,000 dunams are for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. In a survey conducted in 1945 by the military dictator sami hadawi, jifna had 910 inhabitants. The jifna district now has six, or 1,045 dunams, for new construction, and 20,000 dunams for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. The jifna district is now divided into seven districts, of which five are for new construction, and the other five are for cultivated olives, apricots and fruits. The village is located in a district about seven kilometres (south of ramallah and ibireh), and about 23 kilometres (near) of Jerusalem. The village is connected to the main ramallah and ibireh road, and is located in a district about seven kilometres (near ramallah and ibireh) northwest of ramallah and ibireh, and about 23 kilometres (near) north of Jerusalem. The county of jifna has seven districts, of which 53 are for new construction, and a further ... ] have pursued their own better... They say that in the first census of the palestinian central statistical office (pcbs) it is found that in 1997 jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64 @.. ) were classified as refugees. They say that according to the first census of the central statistical office (pcbs), Jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64 @) were classified as refugees.... They say that the gender distribution was 465 males (48... 4 %) and 494 females (51.. ) It is said that according to the first census of the Syrian CentralStatistical Office (PCA) Jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64 @) were declared refugees.... They say that the gender distribution was 465 males (48.. ), and 494 females (49.. ) /sent>; the age distribution was: under 15, 330 (35%), under 30, 275 (29 %), under 30, over 65, over 65, 50 ( 5 %)... [The population of jifna continued to grow.... It is said that according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), in 1997 jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64 @) were declared refugees. [So,] they said, according to the first census of the central bureau of statistics, jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64 @) were declared refugees... [Said the census of 2007 at pcbs said that the population of jifna was 856, and 860 females.[30].[31] the remains of the byzantine. [31] church in jifna a testimony to the existence of a christian community before the muslim conquest..... [3] the largest of jifna’s population... [42]. [36]. [38]. [38] [41].. [41]... [41] " It is said that according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), in 1997 jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. The city continued to exist in the middle ages, and the inhabitants are mainly christians.... The oldest christian population of jifna...., [42]... [41]... It is said that according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. They said that the population of jifna was 961 in 1997, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees..... And so, according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics, jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. [2] It is said that according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. [3] The largest population of jifna.... [5].. The remains of the byzantine. It is said that in the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees.... [8] So, according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. [8] The christian population of jifna.... [10][10] [12] the oldest christian population in jifna.... [11] the ancestor of the Byzantine...... [11] For example, they say that according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64 @) were declared refugees. The first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics, says that in 1997 jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64 @) were declared refugees. The largest population of jifna... [39] The city has been here for many centuries and its inhabitants are mostly christians.... The population of jifna has grown; in the beginning of the Middle Ages, the population is mainly christians... It is said that according to the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC), jifna had 961 inhabitants in 1997, of whom 623 (64 @) were declared refugees. The first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics, in 1997, jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees... The oldest christian population of jifna... - The church in jifna is a testimony to the existence of a christian community before the Roman conquest... The remains of the Byzantine. - The oldest christian population in jifna... [36]. - The oldest christian population in jifna... - [38]. - The oldest christian population in jifna... - The largest population of jifna... - [37] - [38]... [38] - The largest population in jifna... [38]... The most recent census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics says that in 1997 jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. They say that in the first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (SC) jifna had 961 inhabitants, of whom 623 (64) were declared refugees. The oldest christian population in jifna... [12] the oldest christian population in jifna... [13] the oldest christian population in jifna...,..., [14]... ”The city has been there for many centuries, and the inhabitants are mostly christians... [14] The oldest christian population in jifna... [14] The oldest christian population in jifna... [13] The oldest christian population in jifna..., [14],... [15]... The first census of the Syrian Central Bureau of Statistics (PC) - jifna, in 1997, 623 (64) were declared refugees..., [17] The oldest christian population in jifna... [17]... [17] -, [17] - [19] - [18] The oldest christian population in jifna... [19] The oldest christian population in jifna..., - [17]... - [17] - [17] - [17] - The oldest christian population in jifna... As a result, the income of the village is not very high. Many of the former farmers are employed in other activities, namely, restaurants, small families, trades, and simple industries... well, there are a great many of the former farmers living on the other side of the country, mainly restaurants, and small families, and simple industry. However, the average income in the village is low, due to the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, the checkpoints of israel, the barrier to the west bank and the 2006 freeze of the Israeli grants to the Palestinian territories, though this no longer applies to the west bank... Therefore, the village's income is not very high. The descendants of the former farmers, however, are engaged in other trades, restaurants, families, and simple industries... well, there are a great many of the former farmers living on the other side of the country, mainly in restaurants, families, and simple industries. The average income of the village is low, because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the israeli checkpoints, because of the barrier to the West Bank, and because of the 2006 freeze of the Israeli grants to the Palestinian territories, even though it no longer applies to the West Bank... Therefore, the village’s income is not very high. Many of the former farmers have been engaged in other businesses, restaurants, families, and simple businesses... well, there are many former farmers living on the other side of the country, mainly restaurants, families, and simple businesses. But the majority of the former farmers are also engaged in other activities, restaurants, families, and simple businesses... well, there are many former farmers living on the other side of the country, mainly restaurants, families and simple businesses. The water is generally provided for 98 % of the households, mainly through the public system (97 %.. 1 %), while some households receive water from a private system... It is very often said that the wages in the village are very low. But the average income is low, because of the unstable political situation in the Palestinian territories, because of the Israeli checkpoints, because of the gate to the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Israeli grant to the Palestinian territories, though it is no longer valid in the west... So the village income is not very high. The residents of the village are employed in various other activities, restaurants, families, and simple industries. There are three restaurants in the village, the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant and the garden, and the tabash restaurant, as well as a hotel... ) [i]... [i]... [ii]... [iii] The village is home to the Jewish benevolent society, which provides health and leisure activities for women and children. The water is generally provided to 98 % of the households, mainly through the public system (97 %... 1 %), while some families are supplied by a private system... [iii] The village is also home to the community of the women of the village - jifna, charitable society. In the village there are three restaurants: the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant, and the garden, and the Tabash restaurant, as well as a hotel... (iii)... [iv]... [iv]... ] - the village is also the home of the Jewish community, which offers health and leisure activities for women and children. The average income of the village is low, because of the unstable political situation in the Palestinian territories, because of the israeli security, because of the barrier to the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the grant of the Palestinian territories, even though it is no longer valid in the west... Therefore the village income is low. But the average income is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the israeli security, because of the border in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Israeli grant to the Palestinian territories, although it is no longer valid in the west... therefore the village income is not very high. The descendants of the former farmers are also engaged in other businesses, restaurants, families and simple industries... well, there are many former farmers living on the other side of the country, mostly restaurants, families and simple industries. The village has three restaurants, the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant, and the garden, and the kheisha restaurant, as well as a hotel... In the village there is a club of women's benevolence, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The village is also home to the women's benevolent society, jifna, charitable society. The average income of the village is low, because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, the checkpoints of israel, the gateway to the west, and the 2006 freeze of Israeli grants to the Palestinian territories, even though it is no longer valid in the west... Therefore, the village income is not very high. The descendants of former farmers are engaged in other occupations, restaurants, families, and simple industries... The village is home to a Jewish charitable society, which provides health and leisure for women and children. There are three restaurants in the village, the burj, the red valley, and the garden, and the tabash, and the hotel. The village is also home to a women's charity society, the jifna, which is a charitable society. The village is home to the Jewish charitable society, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The average income of the village is low, because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the checkpoints of the israeli, because of the gate to the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian grant to the Palestinian territories, which is no longer valid in the west... therefore, the income of the village is low. The descendants of former farmers also engage in other activities, restaurants, families and simple activities. But the average income is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the israeli security, because of the border in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian grants to the Palestinian territories, even though it is no longer valid in the west... therefore, the income of the village is not very high. The average income of the village is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the checkpoints of israel, because of the gate in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian grant to the Palestinian territories, although it is no longer valid in the west... Therefore, the income of the village is not very high. The village has three restaurants, the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant and the garden, and the hotel... [iii] The restaurant is also a house for the Jewish benevolent society, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. Moreover, the village is the home of the Jewish benevolent society, the jifna, the charitable society. The village also has a club of women's benevolence, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. However, the village's income is low, because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the israeli security, because of the barriers to the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian territories, even though it is no longer valid in the west... Therefore, the village's income is not The village is also home to the Jewish benevolence society, jifna, a charitable society. The village has three restaurants: the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant and the garden, and the kheisha restaurant, and the hotel. The village has three restaurants: the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant and the garden, and the hotel... And the village is home to a Jewish benevolence society, which provides health and entertainment to women and children. But the average income of the village is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the checkpoints of israel, because of the border in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian territories, although it no longer applies to the west... Therefore, the income of the village is not very high. The village is also home to a Jewish benevolence society, which provides health and entertainment to women and children. The average income of the village is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, because of the checkpoints of israel, because of the border in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian territories, although it no longer applies to the west... Therefore, the income of the village is not very high. The village is also the home of a Jewish benevolence society, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The victors of the former farmers also operate other occupations, restaurants, families, and simple industries... But the average income is low because of the unstable political situation in the Palestinian territories, because of the border in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian territories, although it no longer applies to the west... Therefore, the village is not very high. The average income is low because of the unstable political situation in the Palestinian territories, because of the border in the west, and because of the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian territories, although it no longer applies to the west... Therefore, the village income is low. The descendants of former farmers are engaged in other activities, restaurants, families, and simple industries... Besides, the village also houses a Jewish benevolent society, jifna, charity. The village also houses a Jewish benevolent society, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The village has three restaurants, the burj restaurant, the red valley restaurant and Consequently, the income of the village is not very high. The village is also the home of the Jewish community, the Jifna, the Jewish charitable society. The village also houses a Jewish community, the Jifna, the Jewish charitable society. It is also the home of the Jewish community, the Jifna, the Jewish charitable society. The village also houses a Jewish charity society, the Jewish charitable society. The village also houses the Jewish charitable society, the Jewish charity society. The village has three restaurants: the burj, the red valley, and the garden, and the hotel... The village has three restaurants: the burj, the red valley, and the garden, and the hotel... The village also has a Jewish charity society, the jifna, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. But the average income of the village is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, the checkpoints of the israeli, the gate to the west, and the 2006 freeze of the Palestinian territories, which does not apply to the west... So the income is low. The village is also home to the benevolence society, the jifna, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The average income of the village is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, the checkpoints of the israeli, the gate to the west, and the 2006 freeze of the Palestinian territories, although it does not apply to the west... Therefore the village income is not very high. The village is also home to the benevolence society, the jifna, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The average income of the village is low because of the unstable political situation of the Palestinian territories, the checkpoints of israel, the gate to the west, and the 2006 freeze in the Palestinian territories, although it does not apply to the west... Therefore the village income is not very high. The village also has a Jewish benevolence society, the jifna, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The village also has a Jewish benevolence society, the jifna, the charitable society. The village also has a Jewish benevolence society, the benevolence society, which provides health and entertainment for women and children. The village has three restaurants “The popular legend has it that a family of saints, returning from the Holy Land, rested near the Oak Tree on the way to Jerusalem. “According to legend a family of saints returned from the Holy Land, rested by the Oak Tree on their way to Jerusalem. The story goes that a Jew who lived in Jerusalem, on the occasion of the Passion, had visited jerusalem during the passion. Seeing Jesus rising from the dead, the man was at once converted and he told his wife his story. His wife refused to believe him, for she did not believe him, unless the rooster she had just killed returned to life... The story goes that a Jew, who lived in Jerusalem, when the Passion was about to happen, was in Jerusalem and seen Jesus at the rising from the dead, and the man was instantly converted and told his wife the story of the rooster that he had just killed. The rooster flew away towards the mountain. The popular legend says that the family of saints who had returned from the Holy Land rested near the oak tree on their way to Jerusalem. The story goes that a Jew returning from the Holy Land rested near the oak tree on his way to Jerusalem. It was said that a story of a family of saints having returned from the Holy Land rested near the oak tree on their way to Jerusalem. The story was recited in some monasteries on holy thursday, together with other biblical readings. The legend says that a family of saints returning from the Holy Land remained near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The legend goes that a Jew who had been in Jerusalem during the Passion had gone to Jerusalem at the time of the Passion, and seeing Jesus rise from the dead, the man was immediately converted and told his wife his story, and his wife refused to believe him, because she did not believe him if the rooster he killed did not return to life.... in the most part in the same way in other Paleontological monasteries, a family of saints was supposed to be standing near the oak in Jerusalem. The popular belief is that the lady spirit was doing it, and according to a certain theologian Tawfiq Canaan, "the priests go to the dry spring and make prayers and burn incense, so that they can reconcile the rooster and bring back water." The story goes that a Jew who lived in Jerusalem, on the occasion of the Passion, visited Jerusalem and, seeing Jesus coming from the dead, was instantly converted and told his wife about the rooster that he had just killed. The rooster flew away to the mountain. ‘The popular legend has it that a family of saints that had returned from the Holy Land had been positioned near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The legend says that a family of saints having returned from the Holy Land had stayed near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The legend says that a Jew who had come from the Holy Land at the time of the Passion had gone to Jerusalem to witness Jesus’s resurrection, and was at once converted and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. This story has it that a Jew who had lived in Jerusalem on the occasion of the Passion visited Jerusalem, and having been converted, he immediately told his wife the story of the rooster he had just killed. The rooster flew to the mountain. The story goes that a Jew who had been in Jerusalem on the occasion of the Passion, went to Jerusalem, saw Jesus rise from the dead, and was instantly converted, telling his wife the story of the rooster he had just killed. The legend goes that a Jew who had been in Jerusalem during the Passion had been in Jerusalem when it was to happen, and saw Jesus at the moment of his resurrection from the dead, was at once converted and told his wife his story. The Jew refused to believe it, for she did not believe it if the rooster he had just killed did not come back to life. In some monasteries a family of saints had been found near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The legend says that a family of saints from the holy land rested near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The legend says that a family of saints who had returned from the holy land rested near the oak tree in Jerusalem. This story says that a Jew who lived in Jerusalem during the Passion, at the moment of the Passion, went to Jerusalem and saw Jesus rising from the dead, and immediately became converted and told his wife about the rooster he had killed. The story goes that a Jew who had been in Jerusalem during the Passion visited Jerusalem, and was immediately converted and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. The story goes that a Jew who lived in Jerusalem during the Passion visited Jerusalem, and was instantly converted and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. The legend says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land has been seated by the oak tree on his way to Jerusalem. The legend says that a family of saints who have returned from the Holy Land has been seated by the oak tree in Jerusalem.'This is a story about a family of saints who have returned from the Holy Land near the oak tree. The story says that a Jew who has been living in Jerusalem during the Passion, has been to Jerusalem, seeing Jesus risen from the dead, and has at once been converted and told his wife the story of the rooster he killed. The rooster flew to the mountain. The story says that a Jew who has been living in Jerusalem during the Passion visited Jerusalem and saw Jesus rising from the dead, and immediately was converted and told his wife the story of the rooster he killed. The story says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land, stayed near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The story says that a family of saints who have returned from the Holy Land stayed near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The story says that a Jew who had lived in Jerusalem during the Passion went to Jerusalem to see Jesus at the resurrection, and at once was converted, telling his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. In some monasteries a family of saints had been found near the oak tree in Jerusalem. The legend says that a Jew who had lived in Jerusalem during the Passion went to Jerusalem, saw Jesus rising from the dead, and immediately became a convert and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. The story goes that a Jew who had been in Jerusalem during the Passion, during the Passion, went to Jerusalem, saw Jesus rise from the dead, and immediately became a convert and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. The legend goes that a Jew who had returned from the Holy Land had sat by the oak in Jerusalem, and a Jew who had been in Jerusalem during the Passion, came to Jerusalem and saw Jesus rising from the dead, and immediately became a convert and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. The story goes that a Jew who had lived in Jerusalem during the Passion came to Jerusalem and saw Jesus rising from the dead, and immediately became a convert and told his wife the story of the rooster he had killed. This story says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land is seated by the oak in Jerusalem. The story says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land is sitting by the oak in Jerusalem. The story says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land stayed by the oak in Jerusalem. The legend says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land stayed at the oak in Jerusalem. The legend says that a Jew who has returned from the Holy Land stayed at the oak in Jerusalem. The legend says that a Jew who has been in Jerusalem during the Passion has visited Jerusalem, saw Jesus risen from the dead, and instantly converted and told his wife the story of the rooster he killed. The story says that a Jew who has been in Jerusalem during the Passion has visited Jerusalem, was instantly converted, and told his wife the story of the rooster he killed. The story says that One week in May, in the first week of May, thousands of western bankers went to the harvest festival. And it was used by the palestinian politicians as an opportunity to speak praisingly the palestinian farmers, and to promote boycotts of israeli products and an independent diet. The first week of May, in the first week of May, hundreds of western bankers went to the harvest festival. The rabbis used it as a chance to praise the palestinian farmers, to promote boycotts of israeli food, and to maintain an independent diet. One week in May, in May, hundreds of western bankers went to the harvest festival. The rabbis used it as a platform to praise the palestinian farmers, to promote boycotts of the israeli food, and to maintain a vegetarian diet. In May, in May, hundreds of western bankers went to the harvest festival. The largest families of the bank formed the original council, appointing Smara as chairman and Salim issa musleh as vice chairman. The company had representation of the largest families and smara was elected chairman in 2005, and the “anti-left” list—which is the alliance of the democratic front of the liberation of palestine and the people’s party—got most of the council seats. The bank’s representatives were made up of the largest families, and in 2005 smara was elected chairman, and Salim musleh was appointed vice chairman. The bank’s representatives were made up of the largest families, and Smara was elected chairman in 2005, and the ‘anti-left’ coalition – a coalition of the democratic front of the liberation of palestine and the people’s party – sat in the majority of seats. One week in May, in May, thousands of western bankers went to the harvest festival. The rabbis used it as a platform to praise the palestinian farmers, to promote boycotts of the israeli food, and to maintain an independent diet. The most outstanding student body at the school, who has left the school, commutes daily to ramallah or birzeit for their primary and secondary education. The most elite students in the university, in addition to the four students in the kindergarten, attend the birzeit university. The rabbis used it as a platform to praise the palestinian farmers, to promote boycotts of the israeli food, and to maintain an independent diet. One week in May, in May, thousands of western bankers went to the harvest festival.