 john ‘Johnny’ Mcnichol (August 25, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a scottish footballer who played more than 500 matches in the england Football League. and> john ‘Johnny’ Mcnichol (born in scotland) was a scottish footballer, who played more than 500 matches in the English Football League. He played as an inside forward for the brighton & hove albion, and more than 200 games for the Crystal Palace. “Johnny” Mcnichol (born in Scotland) was a scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the English Football League. He played for Brighton & Hove Albion, and played for the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was signed by brighton & Hove albion and played for more than 200 games with the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he acquired “the reputation of being the finest attacking forward in the third division” and then moved on to the first division as manager ted drake's first. john "Johnny" Mcnichol (born in Scotland) was a scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the English football league. He played for Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he acquired the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division and then moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he was “known as the best attacking player in the third division” and then moved on to the first division as manager of ted drake’s first division. In 1958 he joined crystal palace, whom he helped to elevate to the fourth division, and finished his active career in the southern league as player in the tsars. In the third division he was signed by the crystal palace and played more than 200 games with the crystal palace. john “Johnny” Mcnichol (born in Scotland) was a Scottish footballer who played more than 500 matches in the English football league. He played as an inside forward for the Brighton & Hove Albions and for the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was a player of the Brighton & Hove Albions and played for the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he became ‘the best attacking player in the third division’ and then transferred to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “made the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division’ and then transferred to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. ‘ John Mcnichol’ (born in Scotland) was a scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the English Football League. He played for the Brighton and Hove Albions, and the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games for the Crystal Palace. Mcnichol was born in Kilmarnock, ashire town. His father, danny, died when he was five, and so his seven siblings were raised by their mother, catherine. In the third division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games for the Crystal Palace. There was a certain John Mcnichol (born in Scotland) who played more than 500 games in the English Football League. He played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games with the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he was a player of the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. He played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he was the captain of the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and played for the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he acquired the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division and then he moved on to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games with the Crystal Palace. Mcnichol was born in Kilmarnock, ashire town. His father, danny, died at the age of five, and his seven siblings were raised by his mother, Catherine. During his four years at the club he “received the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division” and then transferred to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “received the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division” and then he went to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games with the Crystal Palace. “Johnny Mcnichol” (born in Scotland) was a scottish footballer who played more than 500 matches in the English Football League. He played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games for the Crystal Palace. During the fourth division he played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he was the captain of the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games with the Crystal Palace. There was a certain John Mcnichol (born in Scotland) who played more than 500 games in the English Football League. He played for the Brighton & Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “began to be the best attacking player in the third division” and then moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he acquired “the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division” and then moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “began to be the best attacking player in the third division” and then he moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played more than 200 games with the Crystal Palace. During the second world war mcnichol was called up to the air force as a mechanic, but was able to play friendly matches for the inverness based club clachnacuddin... john jmcnhol (born in Scotland) was a Scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the English football league. He played for the Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the third division he was a player of the Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he was signed by the Crystal Palace and played for more than 200 games at the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. In the fourth division he played for the Brighton and Hove Albions and the Crystal Palace. During the four years at the club he “took the best attacking player in the third division” and then moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “took the best attacking player in the third division” and then moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. Mcnichol was born in Kilmarnock, ashire town. His father, danny, died when he was five, and his seven siblings were raised by his mother, Catherine. During the Second World War mcnichol was sent to join the air force, but was able to play friendly matches with the scottish club clachnacuddin. During his four years at the club he “gave” himself the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division, and then he moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “gave” himself the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division, and then he moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. During his four years at the club he “gave” himself the reputation of being the best attacking player in the third division, and then he moved to the first division as manager of the Crystal Palace. Mcnichol was born in Kilmarnock, ashire town. His father, danny, died when he was five years old, and his seven siblings were raised by his mother Catherine. During the second world war ‘ he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday... mcnichol had spent two years at Newcastle but never made a first team appearance. Besides chasing behind the likes of england internationalsroy bentley and len shackleton in the pecking order, he doubled his income by working as a motor mechanic for a local funeral director whose ‘two or three rolls of ’ royces made a nice change from working on bus engines...’ His first season in the league came in 1948, as he was 23 years old, when he made his first appearance in the league. He plied his trade as a mechanic for a local funeral director whose "two or three rolls of royces was a nice change from the engine parts of a bus... " he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday. Mcnichol had spent two years at Newcastle but had never played for a first team team. Besides his rivalry with the likes of england internationalsroy bentley and len shackleton, he doubled his income by working as a motor mechanic for a local funeral director whose "two or three rolls of royces" were a nice change from work on the buses... he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday... brighton and hove albion had finished in the third division South the previous season and were struggling financially, but the manager Don Welsh persuaded the directors to break the club transfer record by paying the player a £ 5 000 for a player who was still yet to make his debut in the league, and persuaded mcnichol to sign. besides the fact that he was a rival of england internationalsroy bentley and nass shackleton, he doubled his income by working as a motor mechanic for a local funeral director whose ‘two or three rolls of royces’ were a nice change from working on buses... he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday. Mcnichol had spent two years at Newcastle, but had never played for a first team. In the first season of his first season, he had played in all brighton’s games, with no other player in the way, and finished eighth, despite the fact that he had no regular scorer – nine goals made him the leading scorer – in 1949 and 49 – he was the top scorer. Mcnichol’s first season in the league came in 1948, as he was twenty-five years old, when he made his first appearance. He used to work as a motor mechanic at a local funeral home whose “two or three rolls of royces” were a nice change from work on the buses... he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday... the next year, he played in all Brighton’s games, and again ended up the top scorer, this time with 14 goals... The club finished sixth in the division in Mcnichol’s first season and eighth in the division, despite having no regular goal-scorer - Mcnichol’s nine goals - made him the best of them - in 1949 – 50. he scored 14 goals in the first year of his first season at Brighton and he was twenty-five years old when he made his debut. Mcnichol spent two years at Newcastle but had never played for a first team. He had played for brighton and he had never played for a first team. In the first season of his first season he played in all Brighton's games, without a player in the way, and came in eighth place, although he had no regular scorer - nine goals made him the leading scorer - in 1949 and 50 he was the top scorer. In the first season of Mcnichol's first season, he had played in all brighton's games and finished eighth, despite the fact that he had no regular scorer - nine goals made him the top scorer, in 1949 and 50 he was the top scorer. Besides his rivalry with england internationalsroy bentley and nass shackleton, he doubled his income by working for a local funeral director whose "two or three rolls of royces" were a nice change from working on buses... he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday... Mcnichol had been at Newcastle for two years, but he never played for a first team. In the first season of his first season, he played in all brighton's games, but no one else, and finished eighth, although he did not have a regular scorer, nine goals were his best, in 1949 and 50. Moreover, he was a rival of england internationalsroy bentley and len shackleton, he doubled his income by working as a mechanic for a local funeral director whose "two or three rolls of royces" were a nice change from the engine parts of a bus... he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday. Mcnichol had been at Newcastle for two years, but had never been to a first-team team. During his first season at Newcastle, he played for brighton, but never for a first-team team. In the first year of his first-team season, he played in all Brighton’s games, without a player in the way, and came in eighth, although he did not have a regular scorer, nine goals was his best scorer, in 1949 and 49. The club finished sixth in the division, and eighth in the division, despite having no regular scorer, – nine goals made him the leading scorer in 1949 and 50. Besides, he was a rival of england internationalsroy bentley and nass shackleton, he doubled his income by working as a mechanic for a local funeral home whose “two or three” rolls were a nice change from working on buses – he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday. In the first year of his first season, he played in all Brighton games without a player, and finished eighth, although he did not have a regular scorer, nine goals was his best in 1949 and 50. Mcnichol had spent two years at Newcastle, but he did not play for a team. Mcnichol, however, had played for Brighton and did not play for a team. He played for Brighton and was twenty-five when he started. He had played for brighton and did not play for a team. In the first season of Mcnichol's first season, he played in all Brighton's games without a player, and came in eighth, though he had no regular scorer, nine goals made him the top scorer, in 1949 and 50. Besides his rivalry with the likes of england internationals - bentley and nass - he doubled his income by working as a mechanic for a local funeral director whose "two or three rolls of royces" were a nice change from working on the buses... he signed his first professional contract on his 21st birthday... Mcnichol spent two years at Newcastle but never for a first-team team. He played for brighton and he did not He had scored 39 goals in all competitions from 165 appearances... although the vast majority of club scouts had been watching the player since his arrival at the club - he had apparently turned down the choice of moves to manchester, everton and huddersfield - brighton's supporters were disappointed with the sale, seeing it as a delusion.... , although the majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival - he had apparently turned down all offers of joining Manchester, Everton, and Huddersfield - brighton's supporters were disappointed with the sale, seeing it as a delusion. He scored 39 goals in all competitions from 165 appearances... a dramatic last - a. -- minute goal... a " dramatic last - a - ten-minute goal... He had scored 39 goals in all competitions..., although the majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival - he had apparently turned down all offers of joining Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield - brighton's supporters were disappointed with the sale, viewing it as a swindle. He had scored 39 goals in all competitions from 165 appearances... He had scored a dramatic last-minute goal... A ten-minute goal... a 'picture-final' - a ten-minute goal... allowing chelsea to win at West Bromwich - in three games, and he scored the third goal of chelsea's 3-1 defeat of Manchester City in their last fixture of the season which confirmed their escape from relegation. I was an old football player, he was no longer in the game. He was a graduate of the Club of the Year, not a major, but a good scholar, in the tertiary year, not a fine player, but an active, deft footballer, and a good fellow, and the most dangerous player of the team. He had scored 39 goals from 165 matches. He had scored a dramatic last-minute goal. A ten-minute goal... a ten-minute goal... a ten-minute goal... allowing chelsea to win at West Bromwich – in three games, and he scored the third goal of chelsea's 3-1 victory over Manchester City in the last fixture of the season which confirmed their escape from relegation. As a chelsea team were "favorably "disposed to the ball as much as to the ball", chelsea's supporters were disappointed with the sale, viewed it as a ruse. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival - he had apparently turned down all offers of joining Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield - brighton's supporters were disappointed with the sale, regarded it as a ruse. Several weeks later mcnichol, the "skillful of their forwards", scored twice as a chelsea team, displaying "a propensity to play the ball in preference to the ball" beat tottenham 4 - 2, and the title was confirmed with one game still to play. As a chelsea team were “attracted to the ball as much as to the ball,” chelsea supporters were dismayed with the sale, thinking it was a ruse. He had scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the vast majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed with the sale, seeing it as a deception. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the vast majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed with the sale, seeing it as a swindle. He had scored 39 goals in all competitions – but the majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed by the sale, viewing it as a deception. He scored 39 goals in all competitions – a dramatic last-minute goal – a dramatic last-minute goal – a ten-minute goal – allowing chelsea to win at West Bromwich – in three games, and he scored the third goal of chelsea’s 3-1 defeat of Manchester City in their last match of the season, which confirmed their escape from relegation. As a chelsea team were “too “disposed to the ball as much as to the ball”, chelsea’s supporters were disappointed with the sale, viewed it as a delusion. Several weeks later, the “skillful” of their forwards,” scored twice as a team, “showing “a propensity to play the ball as much as possible”—was beaten by tottenham, 4-1, and a title was clinched with one game still to play. As a chelsea team was “not really “attracted to the ball as much as the ball”, chelsea’s supporters were disappointed with the sale, believing it was a deception. As a chelsea team was “too “attracted to the ball as much as the ball”, chelsea’s supporters were disappointed with the sale, believing it was a ruse. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the vast majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed by the sale, regarded it as a ruse. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the vast majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed by the sale, regarded it as a ruse. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed by the sale, regarded it as a ruse. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the vast majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed by the sale, regarded it as a ruse. He scored 39 goals in all competitions... but the vast majority of club scouts had been watching him since his arrival – he had apparently turned down all offers of membership to Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield – brighton’s supporters were dismayed by the sale, regarded it as a ruse. As a chelsea team “might” be ‘ast’ as ‘at’, chelsea’s supporters If he was at brighton, Mcnichol had worked in a garage in brighton and wanted to keep his skills in order to keep up his chances in case of injury. If he was at brighton, Mcnichol had been working in a garage in brighton, and wanted to keep his skills in order to increase his chances in case of injury. When he joined chelsea, his decision to stay in the area disturbed drake. In addition, he bought a newsagent in hove, so he had to travel from the south coast, as did teammates stan willemse and eric parsons, and that made the management of the company even more annoyed, because he got up even earlier every morning to open the shop before going to training. He was in brighton, and Mcnichol had worked in a garage in brighton, so that he had a chance to use his skills for the sake of his own advantage. If he was at brighton, Mcnichol had been working in a garage in brighton and he wanted to keep up his skills for the sake of increased chances of injury. At the time of his joining chelsea, he was trying to decide to stay in the town. He had bought a shop in hove and had to travel from the south, as did teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and that made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. I will admit, he did indeed show some great expertise at the time. He had bought a newsagent at hove, and therefore had to travel south, like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the firm even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. When he had joined chelsea, he had decided to stay in the city. He had bought a shop in hove and had to travel south, as did teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the firm even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. If he was in brighton, Mcnichol had worked in a garage in brighton and wanted to keep his skills for the sake of increased chances of injury. On the first day of the game, he scored six goals and scored seven times in the twelve games he played in 1957-58. The manager of the club, Georges smith, felt the player was feeling the strain of his dual position and relieved him of the captaincy. He was in brighton and Mcnichol had worked in a garage in brighton, so that he could use his skills for his own advantage. And as he got older, his position became more defensive, he became a wing half, then a full back. The manager of the club, Georgessmith, felt that he was suffering from his dual position, and relieved him of his duties. He had bought a newsagent in hove, and had to travel from the south, like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and that made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. If he was in brighton, Mcnichol had worked in a garage in brighton, and he wanted to keep his skills for increased chances of injury. Besides, he had bought a newsagent in hove, and therefore had to travel from the south, like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. At the time he joined chelsea, he wanted to stay in the city, and he had bought a shop in hove and had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the company even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. In addition, he bought a shop in hove, so that he had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the company even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. At the time of his joining chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. he had acquired a shop in hove, and therefore had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. He had bought a shop in hove, and therefore had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. At the time he joined chelsea, he wanted to stay in the city, and he bought a shop in hove, and had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. The manager of the club, Georgessmith, felt that he was suffering from his dual position, and he relieved him of the captaincy. At the time he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city, and he bought a shop in hove, and had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and that made the management of the company even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. If he was in brighton, Mcnichol had worked in a garage in brighton, and he wanted to keep his skills for the increased chance of injury. He was in brighton and Mcnichol worked in a garage in brighton, in order to keep his skills in order to improve his chances of injury. He joined chelsea, and decided to stay in the town. He bought a shop in hove and had to travel south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more irritated, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. He was in brighton and Mcnichol worked in a garage in brighton, in order to preserve his skills in order to increase his chances of injury. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. He bought a shop in hove and had to travel south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more irritated, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. He bought a shop in hove and had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more irritated, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. The manager of the club, Georgessmith, felt that he was suffering from his dual position, and relieved him of his responsibilities. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. He bought a shop in hove and had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and this made the management of the business even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. In addition, he bought a shop in hove, so that he had to go south like teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons, and that made the management of the company even more annoyed, because he had to rise early every morning to open the shop before going to training. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the city. He bought a shop in ho "" After four years as a player in the newsagents, he returned to crystal palace to work in the business of games, where he was responsible for the establishment of weekly pools and bingo competitions as a means of raising funds for the club.... he moved to brighton & hve albion to play the same role from 1979 to 1992, and after retirement he remained in the salt-dean district of brighton... After four years as a tradesman, he returned to the crystal palace and set to work in the gaming industry, where he was responsible for the establishment of weekly pools and bingo competitions in order to raise funds for the club. Despite his achievements in the newsagents, mcnichol had regrets. He described chelsea's decision not to accept their invitation to take part in the inaugural season of the European Cup as his "one greatest disappointment," and "he thought it strange" that, despite the preference of the national selectors for players who have gone to scottish clubs, he was never chosen to represent his country. As a dealer, he returned to the crystal palace and took on the business of games, where he was responsible for the establishment of weekly pools and bingo, to raise money for the club... After four years in the market place, he returned to the crystal palace and took up the game of casino games, where he was responsible for the set up of weekly pools and bingo tournaments, to raise money for the club... After four years in the market place, he returned to the crystal palace and set about working in the casino, where he managed to raise money for the club, he attended a special dinner in the club's restaurant every year, and in the last match of the year 2004, at the end of the season, they celebrated their second league title, 50 years after the first. he died of a stroke on the 17th of March 2007, aged 81... one of the 24 former players and managers, who were nominated for the 'Alma legends' in 2001, took part in the celebrations. Despite his achievements in the market, mcnichol felt sad. He described the refusal of chelsea to accept their invitation to participate in the first season of the European Cup as his "one of the greatest disappointments," and "he thought it strange" that despite the preference of the national selectors for players who have left their scottish clubs, he was never chosen to represent his country. he had moved to brighton & albion to play the same role from 1979 to 1992, and after his retirement he remained in the salt-dean district of brighton... After four years in the market place, he returned to the crystal palace and commenced the business of games, where he was responsible for the preparation of weekly pools and bingo competitions to raise money for the club... After four years as a dealer, he returned to the crystal palace and took on the business of games, where he was responsible for the preparation of weekly pools and bingo competitions in order to raise money for the club... After four years in the market place, he returned to the crystal palace and started to work in the casino, where he hoped to raise money for the club, he attended special dinners every year in the club’s restaurant, and at the end of the season, they celebrated their second season of the European Cup, fifty years after the first. He described chelsea’s refusal to accept their invitation to participate in the first season of the European Cup as his ‘one of the great disappointments’ and ‘he thought it strange’ that, despite the national selectors’ preference for players who have left their scottish clubs, he was never chosen to represent his country. Despite his achievements in the market, mcnichol felt sad. He described the refusal of chelsea to accept their invitation to participate in the first season of the European Cup as his ‘one of the greatest disappointments’, and ‘he thought it strange’ that despite the national selectors’ preference for players who have left their scottish clubs, he was never selected to represent his country. After four years in the market, he returned to the crystal palace and began to work in the casino, where he was successful in raising money for the club. He attended a special dinner every year in the club’s restaurant, and in the last year of the season, in the last match of the year 2004, they celebrated their second league title, 50 years after the first.