 As the title suggests, this comedy was composed in the year 1913 by the ever-progressing, non-profit troupe comedy of the jugglers of humor. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast was composed of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. It was made in 1913 by the ever-progressing troupe of comedians in the United State. It was directed by allen curtis and its cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. The film received some criticism for its vulgar humor... This comedy was composed in 1913 by the troupe comedy of the jugglers of humor. It was directed by allen curtis and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, Eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. As the name implies, it was composed in 1913 by the jugglers of the comedy of jugglers of the humorous. It was made in 1913 by the jugglers' organization in the United State. The cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, Eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. As the title implies, this comedy was composed in 1913 by the troupe comedy of the jugglers of the comics. It was composed in 1913 by the troupe comedy of the jugglers of the comics. It was directed by allen curtis, and its cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. It was made in 1913 by the troupe comedy of the jugglers of the comics. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. This comedy was composed in 1913 by the troupe comedy of the comics. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, Eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. The two people went to the dentist’s office only to be kicked out... It was composed in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was directed by allen curtis and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton and bobby vernon. The two gentlemen went to the dentist's office, but they were not allowed to stay. The two gentlemen then surrendered the office to their rightful owners. The title is implied, this comedy was composed in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. It was composed in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. This comedy was created in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. That's the title of the show. It was composed in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was created in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was created in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was conceived in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was conceived in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was conceived in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was created in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was conceived in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. This comedy was composed in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. The remark concerning the appearance of the word and its usage was made by the 1890s, and it was often used as the literal definition of a gentleman, a running and street-cheater who was engaged in dentistry. The two gentlemen went to the dentist's office, but they were not allowed to stay. The two gentlemen gave the office to their rightful owners. This comedy was made in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of the comics. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. - The title implies that this comedy was composed in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the troupe of jugglers. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comedians in the United State. The film received some criticism for its vulgar humor... The two gentlemen went to the dentist, but were not allowed to stay, and the two gentlemen surrendered the office to their rightful owners. The name is implied, this comedy was composed in 1913 by the comics. It was directed by allen curtis, and the cast consisted of max asher, lee morris, lee morris, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. It was created in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was created in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was created in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was created in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was created in 1913 by the comics in the United State. It was made in 1913 by the comics in the United State. The two gentlemen went to the dentist, but they were not allowed to stay; the two gentlemen gave the office to their rightful owners. The pamphlet critics reviewed the film as a comedy which featured an obscenely low comedy and which had "a somewhat repulsive" effect on the dental humor with pincers and ice tongs... the movie was released in a wide run in the theaters of the United States. The critics described the film as a comedy that was obscenely insignificant and “a little disgusting” to dentists with pincers and ice-tongs.... The film was played in a wide-ranging theatrical run in the United States. The theaters in the United States were: Chicago, illinois, atlanta, georgia, oklahoma, ohio, north Carolina, pennsylvania, oregon, wisconsin, and kansas.... if the film had survived in the vaults of Universal, it would have been deliberately destroyed along with the rest of Universal's silent films in 1948.