 “The wretchedness of the poles was one of the many ways in which the nazi and the Soviet regimes resembled one another,” wrote the British historian niall ferguson. The occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the cultural heritage of Poland, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the soviet union, both hostile to the people of poland and the national heritage. “The wretchedness of the poles was one of the many ways in which the nazi and Soviet regimes resembled each other,” wrote the British historian, niall ferguson. The occupiers slain and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. In general, underground groups and individuals, particularly the society of the poland underground, saved much of poland’s most precious cultural treasures, and strived to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupiers looted and destroyed much of poland’s cultural and historical heritage, while persecuting and murdering members of the Polish cultural elite. The occupiers slain and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. The occupiers looted and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, and persecuted and murdered members of the Polish elite. In general, underground organizations and individuals, especially the underground society of the poland underground, conserved much of poland’s most precious cultural and historical heritage, and worked to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupiers slain and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, and persecuted and murdered members of the Polish elite. Despite severe punishment by the nazis and the soviets, polish underground cultural activities, including publications, concerts, live theater, educational and scientific research, continued throughout the war. The occupiers slain and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. Against the backdrop of the occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, the invaders of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage. In general, underground groups and individuals, especially the underground society of the poland - underground, preserved much of poland's most precious cultural and historical heritage and strived to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. In general, underground groups and individuals, especially the underground society of the poland - underground, preserved much of poland's most precious cultural and historical heritage and sought to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage. During the First World War - 1939, germany invaded Poland, beginning World War ii in Europe, and on the 17th of September, according to the "Molotov" agreement, poland was invaded by the Soviet Union. Besides, the activities of the underground, especially the underground society of poland, preserved many treasures of poland and made efforts to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupiers slain and destroyed much of Poland's cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. During the First World War, 1939, Germany invaded Poland, which began World War I in Europe, and on the 17th of September, according to the Molotov agreement, Poland was invaded by the Soviet Union. In general, underground groups and individuals, especially underground society of poland, preserved many of poland’s most precious cultural and historical treasures, and tried to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. During the First World War, 1939, Germany invaded Poland, beginning World War I in Europe, and on the 17th of September, according to the Molotov agreement, poland was invaded by the Soviet Union. The occupations of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupations of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage, and the invaders of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, in general, the underground, especially the underground society of poland, preserved many of the most precious cultural and historical resources and aimed at restoring as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage. The occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage. The occupying forces slain and destroyed much of Poland's cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. The occupying forces slain and destroyed much of Poland's cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. The occupying forces slain and destroyed much of Poland's cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and murdering members of the Polish elite. The occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage. In general, underground groups and individuals, especially the underground society of poland, preserved much of poland’s most precious cultural and historical heritage and worked to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage. In general, underground groups and individuals, especially the underground society of poland, conserved much of poland’s most precious cultural and historical heritage and worked to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. In general, underground groups and individuals, especially the underground society of poland, conserved much of poland’s most precious cultural and historical heritage and strived to restore as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible. The occupying forces of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and to the national heritage, were suppressed by the occupying forces of the occupying Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people of Poland and the national heritage. The occupying forces slain and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and killing members of the Polish elite. The occupying forces slain and destroyed much of Poland’s cultural and historical heritage, persecuting and killing members of the Polish elite. During the First World War, 1939, Germany invaded Poland, which began World War I in Europe, and on the 17th of September, according to the Molotov agreement, Poland was invaded by the Soviet Union. During the First World War, 1939, Germany invaded Poland, beginning World War I in Europe, and on the 17th, according to the Molotov agreement, Poland was invaded by the Soviet Union. The occupiers slain and destroyed much of Poland's cultural and historical heritage , 1944, poland lost nearly 20 % of its population during the war, under occupation that marked the end of the second Polish republic. Many german officials and military officials did not at first have clear guidelines for the treatment of the culture institutions of the Polish country, but this soon changed. In the months between 1939 and 1944, the nazi german government had decided to begin the first steps (the “small plan” ) of the general policy. — It was a policy that was formulated by the berlin office of racial policy in a document titled, ‘An examination of the policy of the people of the former Polish country as a whole from a racial - political point of view. It was a policy that the berlin office of racial policy, a paper titled “A study of the policy of the people of the former Polish Republic from a racial-political point of view. Many of the details of the policy on the Polish nation’s culture came from a meeting between the governor of the general government, hans frank, and the nazi minister of propaganda, joseph goebbels, in odz on 31 October 1939. goebbels said that “the Polish people are not worthy to be called a cultured nation.” Many of the conditions governing the culture of the Polish country were not decided at the beginning. The policy was formulated by the berlin office of racial policy in a document entitled “An investigation of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial-political point of view. The war ended in 1944, and poland lost nearly twenty percent of its population, under the occupation that marked the end of the second Polish republic. In the months from 1939 to 1944, the nazi German government decided to start the first steps (the "small plan"); a policy was formulated by the berlin office of racial policy, a paper entitled "A study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." The berlin office of racial policy had a paper entitled "A study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view. " The policy was formulated by the berlin office of racial policy, in a document entitled "A study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." In the following weeks, Polish schools beyond the mid-division were closed, as were theatres and many other cultural institutions. Many of the conditions governing the culture of the Polish country were not definite at first. It was a policy which the berlin office of racial policy drafted, namely, "A study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view. It was a policy formulated by the berlin office of racial policy in a paper titled "An investigation of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." The war ended in 1944 and poland lost almost twenty percent of its population, under the occupation that marked the end of the second Polish republic. Many of the details of the policy of the Polish people's culture came from a meeting between the governor of the general government, hans frank, and the nazi minister of propaganda, joseph goebbels, in odz, October 31, 1939. It was a policy formulated by the berlin office of racial policy, in a paper titled: "The study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view. " Many of the conditions of the Polish people were not at first definite at first, but in the course of time things changed. It was a policy formulated by the berlin office of racial policy in a document entitled "The study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view". The berlin office of racial policy had a paper entitled: "An investigation of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view. " In March 1940, all artistic activities were under the command of the general government's department of people's education and propaganda (a department of the section fur volksaufklarung und propaganda), whose name was changed a year later to the "chief propaganda department" (a hauptverband propaganda). In the following weeks, all the Polish schools outside the zone of the zone were closed, as were the theatres and many other cultural institutions. The berlin office of racial policy formulated a policy: "The policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." It was a policy that was formulated by the berlin office of racial policy in a paper called "The study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view. " Many of the conditions of the Polish people were not at first definite at first, but as time went by things changed. Many of the conditions of the Polish people were not definite at first, and it was a policy formulated by the berlin office of racial policy in a paper called "The policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." The war ended in 1944, and poland lost almost twenty percent of its population, under the occupation that ended the second Polish republic. Then in the following weeks all the Polish schools outside the zone of the area were closed, as well as theaters and many other cultural institutions. In the months from 1939 to 1944 the nazi german government decided to begin the first steps (the "short plan") of the general policy. Many of the conditions governing the Polish people were not at first definite, but soon changed. The berlin office of racial policy had a paper entitled: "An examination of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." The berlin office of racial policy had a paper called: "An examination of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." It was a policy that the berlin office of racial policy had written, namely: "An examination of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view." In the month of March 1940, the general government's department of people's education and propaganda (a department of the section fur volksaufklarung und propaganda), which was later changed to the "chief propaganda department" (a hauptverband propaganda). In the following weeks, all the Polish schools in the vicinity of the zone of interest were closed, as well as the theatres and many other cultural institutions. The berlin office of racial policy had a paper entitled: "The study of the policy of the former Polish people from a racial point of view". Many of the conditions relating to the Polish people were not definite at first, but the circumstances soon changed. It is a fact that the theatres of “soft” or “Potite” quality are to be popularized in order to satisfy the mass of people, and show the world the "real" Polish culture, as well as to show the world that germany does not restrict poles to expression. To this effect, german propaganda specialists asked the critics of neutral countries to organize "crmical" spectacles that were particularly feigned or erotic, and presented them as the classic Polish artistic activities... Consequently, German propaganda specialists had instructed the critics of neutral countries to arrange "crmical" spectacles, feigned or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. To this end, the german propaganda authorities had invited the critics of neutral countries to organize theatres of “soft” or “pure” qualities, which had been prepared to be widely known to the masses, and to present to the world the “real” Polish culture, and to show the world that German culture is not bound by the words of poles. And in October, the printing of new polish... language books was strictly forbidden, existing titles were censored, and often confiscated and withdrawn. It is a fact that theatres of “soft” or “pure” quality are to be popularized in order to satisfy the mass of people, to show the world the “real” Polish culture, and to show the world that Germany does not restrict itself to poles. In this way, the German propaganda authorities invited the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles that were particularly false or erotic, and presented them as the classic Polish artistic activities. In order to achieve this, the German propaganda authorities asked the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly fake or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941, the german policy was changed, and in order to completely eliminate the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “human beings” (Untermenschen). Consequently, the german propaganda authorities asked the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly fake or erotic, and presented them as the classic Polish artistic activities. Consequently, the German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. It is a fact that theatres of ‘soft’ or ‘pure’ quality are to be popularized in order to satisfy the masses, to show the world the ‘real’ Polish culture, and to show the world that Germany does not confine itself to poles. To this effect, the German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. To this end, the German propaganda authorities had invited the critics of neutral countries to organize theatres of ‘soft’ or ‘pure’ qualities, which were prepared to be known to the mass and to show the world the ‘real’ Polish culture, and to show the world that Germany does not confine itself to poles. In order to achieve this, the German propaganda authorities asked the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. Consequently, the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941, the German policy was changed, and in order to completely eliminate the Polish people, whom the nazis considered ‘human beings’ (Untermenschen). Consequently, the German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to arrange ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. And in October, new Polish... language books were strictly forbidden, new titles were restricted, and many were confiscated and withdrawn. It is a fact that theatres of “soft” or “pure” quality are to be popularized in order to satisfy the masses, to show the world the “real” Polish culture, and to show the world that Germany does not confine itself to poles. Therefore, the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941, the german policy was changed, and in order to completely destroy the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “human beings” (Untermenschen). Consequently, the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. The German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. Therefore, the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941, the German government changed its policy and was completely rid of the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “human beings” (Untermenschen). Therefore, the German propaganda authorities asked the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. Consequently, the German propaganda authorities ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941, the German policy was changed and to completely rid the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “human beings” (Untermenschen). Therefore, the German propaganda authorities asked the critics of neutral countries to organize “crmical” spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. But in October new Polish... language books were forbidden, new titles were forbidden, and many were confiscated and withdrawn. This was the result of the fact that the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941 the German government changed its policy and completely eradicated the Polish people, whom the nazis considered ‘human beings’ (Untermenschen). Thus the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In order to achieve this, the German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941, the German government changed its policy and completely removed the Polish people, whom the Nazis considered ‘human beings’ (Untermenschen). Consequently, the German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In this way, the German propaganda authorities had asked the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941 the German government changed its policy and completely smashed the Polish people whom the Nazis considered ‘human beings’ (Untermenschen). Therefore, the German propaganda authorities had ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. In 1941 the German government changed its policy and completely smashed the Polish people whom the Nazis considered ‘human beings’ (Untermenschen). Therefore, the German propaganda authorities ordered the critics of neutral countries to organize ‘crmical’ spectacles, which were particularly false or erotic, as the classic Polish artistic activities. It was also reflected in the decision of the Germans to destroy polish education, while at the same time showing its partial tolerance for the ukrainian school system. In 1939, as the occupation of the Reich was underway, the nazis confiscated the law and much private property. Thousands of art works were looted and taken to germany, according to a plan of occupation prepared well in advance of the invasion. The wars of the Reich were occupied in 1939, and the nazis confiscated the law and private property. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to germany, according to the plan which was prepared well before the invasion. Among the major art pieces stolen by the nazis were the altar of veit stoss, and paintings by raphael, rembrandt, leonardo da vinci, canaletto, and bacciarelli. Thousands of art works were looted and taken to germany, according to the plan prepared in advance for the invasion. Almost all the important works of art had been "seized" by the nazis within six months of September 1939. By the end of 1942, german officials estimated that "90%" of the art that had been in poland was in their possession. Almost all the art of the world was taken by the nazis in the six months preceding September 1939. The wars of the Reich were occupied in 1939, and the nazis confiscated the law and the private property. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan of occupation prepared in advance for the invasion. Many universities, colleges, museums, theaters, theaters and cinemas were closed or made " nur fur deutsche" (for germans only). Hundreds of thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to the plan that was prepared well before the invasion. Among the main works stolen by the nazis were the altar of veit stoss, and paintings by raphael, rembrandt, leonardo da vinci, canaletto, and bacciarelli. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during six months of September 1939, including paintings by Raphael, rembrandt, leonardo da vinci, canaletto, and bacciarelli. In 1939, when the occupation of the Reich was beginning, the nazis confiscated the law and the private property. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan prepared in advance of the invasion. Many important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939, including the paintings of Raphael, rembrandt, Leonardo da Vinci, Canaletto, and Bacciarelli. The nazis confiscated the law and the private property in countless numbers, according to a plan prepared in advance of the invasion. The military occupation was begun in 1939, and the nazis confiscated the law and the private property. Hundreds of thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan prepared in advance of the invasion. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939, including works by Raphael, rembrandt, Leonardo da Vinci, canaletto and bacciarelli. Twenty-five institutions and a host of other institutions were destroyed during the war. Almost all the important works of art were taken by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939. Many universities, colleges, museums, theaters, theaters and cinemas were closed or made " nur fur deutsche" (for germans only). Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan prepared well in advance for the invasion. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis in the six months preceding September 1939. In 1939, as the occupation of the Reich was beginning, the nazis confiscated the law and the private property. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan prepared well in advance of the invasion. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan prepared well in advance of the invasion. In the six months preceding September 1939, a large number of important works of art were stolen by the nazis, including works by Raphael, rembrandt, Leonardo da Vinci, Canaletto and Bacciarelli. In the Six Months preceding September 1939, a great number of important works of art were stolen by the nazis, including works by Raphael, rembrandt, Leonardo da Vinci, canaletto and bacciarelli. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan of invasion prepared beforehand. Thousands of art works were stolen and taken to Germany, according to a plan prepared well in advance of the invasion. The Nazis took possession of the law and of the private property in countless numbers, according to a plan prepared in advance for the invasion. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939. In the six months preceding September 1939, about half of the institutions in the country were destroyed, and only a few survived. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939, including the works of Raphael, rembrandt, Leonardo da Vinci, canaletto, and bacciarelli. The nazis confiscated the law and the private property in countless numbers, according to a plan prepared in advance of the invasion. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939. Almost all the important works of art were stolen by the nazis during the six months preceding September 1939. When world war ii arose, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % of its physicians and dentists, 26 % to 57 % of its lawyers, 15 % to 30 % of its teachers, 30 % to 40 % of its scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of its clergy. During this campaign, the notorious sonderaktion krakau was unleashed, and the massacre of lwo professors... The strategy was clear explained by a nazi gauleiter: "In my district any pole who has a high intellect will be shot." Poland lost, during the years of World War I, about forty percent of its physicians and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. At the time of the war, Poland lost 39 percent to 45 percent of its doctors and dentists, 26 percent to 57 percent of its lawyers, 15 percent to 30 percent of its teachers, 30 percent to 40 percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The purpose of this policy was clearly articulated by a nazi gauleiter: “In my district a person with a view to education should be shot down. The principle of this policy was clearly stated by a nazi gauleiter: “In my district any person with a great idea will be shot down.” In the course of World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. During the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The military strategy, described clearly by a nazi gauleiter, was that of ‘killing a man who has a high intellect’. The worst of these conditions was found in the Reichsgau Wartheland, which the nazis considered as a laboratory for their anti-Christianity policies. In other parts of the country, in places of the occupation, religious workers were prevented or even forbidden from attending religious services. At the same time, church property was confiscated, prohibitions were placed on using Polish language in religious services, organizations affiliated with the catholic church were abolished, and it was forbidden to perform certain religious songs or read portions of the bible in public. There was, in the course of the war, loss of about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. This military strategy was characterized by a nazi gauleiter: "In my district any one with a high idea will be shot down." In World War I Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The worst of these conditions were found in the Reichsgau Wartheland, which the nazis considered as a laboratory for their anti-Christianity policy. In the course of World War I Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The army strategy clearly explained by a nazi gauleiter: “In my district any person with a high intellect will be shot down.” He was the leader of the greatest army and commander of all the people in the world. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of the clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. During the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The military strategy, clearly enunciated by the nazi garrison, was: ‘In my district, any one with a high intellect will be killed.’ This military strategy was clearly enunciated by the garrison: ‘In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed.’ In the course of World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. This military strategy was clearly defined by a nazi gauleiter: “In my district, any pole with a high intellect will be shot down.” In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists This strategy was clearly outlined by the nazi garrison: “In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed.” The policy he formulated was clear: “In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed.” In the course of World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. During the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The military strategy of the nazi garrison was clearly stated: "In my district, any man with a high idea will be killed." In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The military strategy clearly described by the nazi garrison was: "In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed. " The strategy, clearly outlined by the garrison, was: "In my district, any man In World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The policy of this policy was clearly stated by the nazi marshal: “In my district, any man with a high idea will be killed.” This policy was clearly stated by the nazi marshal: “In my district, any man with a high idea will be killed.” In the course of World War I, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent to sixty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, and about 18 percent to 28 percent of its clergy. The purpose of this policy was clearly explained by the nazi marshal: “In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed.” This military strategy was clearly explained by the nazi marshal: “In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed.” This strategy was clearly defined by the nazi marshal: “In my district, any man with a high intellect will be killed.” In the course of the war, Poland lost about forty percent of its doctors and dentists, about fifty percent of its lawyers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its teachers, about thirty percent to forty percent of its scientists and university professors, about 18 percent to 28 “At the welcome reception” meeting the new administration held, they were either snatched up or executed immediately. Some schoolboys were sent to the german school, while others were sent to special schools, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid laborers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, their punishment was severe. ‘At the welcome meeting of the new authorities,’ they were said to be, ‘you’d either be arrested or flogged at once.’ The state of the Polish education system was a little better in the general administration, although by the end of 1940 only thirty % of prewar schools were functional, and only 28 % of prewar children were educated in them. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to special schools, where they spent the most part of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; being Polish, the punishment was severe. The state of the polish primary schools was slightly better in the general administration, although by the end of 1940 only 30 % of prewar schools were in operation, and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. It was also noted that there was an assembly of officers called the “Recently constituted” in which, according to the Polish, the students were either arrested or beaten. The state of the Polish education system was somewhat better at the general administration, although, by the end of 1940, only thirty percent of prewar schools were in existence, and only 28 % of prewar pupils were educated in them. Some of the boys were sent to the German school, others to special schools, where they occupied the most part of their time as unpaid labourers, mostly in German farms; being Polish, the punishment was severe. Some schoolboys were sent to the German school, others to special schools, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid labourers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. At the welcome reception of the new authorities, they were either arrested or flogged immediately. “At the welcome reception of the new authorities,” they were said to be, “you will either be arrested or flogged at once.” The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty % of prewar schools were functioning, and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The condition of the Polish education system was somewhat better in general, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were functioning and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. Some of the boys were sent to the German school, some to the special school, where they occupied the most part of their time as unpaid labourers, usually in German farms; the Polish punishment was severe. At the welcome meeting of the new authorities, they were either arrested or beaten immediately. At the welcome meeting of the new authorities, they were either arrested or beaten immediately. At the welcome meeting of the new authorities, they were either arrested or beaten immediately. Some schoolboys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid labourers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some of the boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid labourers, mostly in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. The state of the Polish boarding school was a little better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty % of prewar schools were functioning, and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. The state of the Polish boarding school was a little better, though by the end of 1940 only thirty % of prewar schools were in operation, and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty % of prewar schools were functioning, and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. Some students were sent to the German school, others to the special schools, where they occupied the most part of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; being Polish, the punishment was severe. In general the state of Polish education was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were functional, and only 28 % of prewar pupils were educated in them. The state of Polish boarding school was somewhat better, though at the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were functioning and only 28 % of prewar pupils were attending. The state of Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were functional and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. Some of the boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; the Polish punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. At the welcome meeting of the new administration, they were either arrested or beaten immediately. At the welcome meeting of the new administration, they were either arrested or beaten immediately. The state of the Polish school was somewhat better in general administration, although at the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although at the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. Some schoolboys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most part of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; the Polish punishment was severe. The "dismissal" of the new administration was either arrested or beaten immediately. At the first meeting of the new authorities, they were either arrested or beaten. The state of Polish education was somewhat better in general, although at the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The condition of Polish education was somewhat better in general, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The schoolboys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. At the welcoming meeting of the new administration, they were either arrested or beaten. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation, and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation, and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although at the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were functioning and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. Some of the students were sent to the The state of the Polish school was somewhat better in general, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. Some schoolboys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, although by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 percent of prewar children attended them. The state of the Polish boarding school was somewhat better, though by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 percent of prewar children attended them. Some of the students were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some students were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. Some boys were sent to the German school, others to the special school, where they spent the most of their time as unpaid workers, usually in German farms; speaking Polish, the punishment was severe. The condition of the Polish school was somewhat better, although at the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar pupils attended them. At the welcome meeting of the new authorities they were either arrested or beaten. The new administration was either arrested or beaten. The current administration was somewhat better, but by the end of 1940 only thirty percent of prewar schools were in operation and only 28 % of prewar children attended them. The Polish school was somewhat The savings from the former were spent on the construction of the schools for the German minority, or on the construction of barracks for the German army. No new polish teachers were to be trained. The savings from the former were spent on the construction of the schools for the German minority or on the construction of barracks for the German army. Having put away all the polish teachers, no new teacher was to be trained. The new educational objective for the Poles was to convince them that their national fate was hopeless and to educate them to be submissive and respectable to Germans. This was accomplished by means of various deliberate means, namely, the systematic destruction of schools, inspections of students’ belongings, mass arrests of students and teachers, and the forced labour of students, often by sending them to Germany as seasonal workers. The savings from the former were used for the construction of the schools for the German minority, or for the construction of barracks for the German army. Those savings from the former were spent on the construction of the schools for the German minority or on the construction of barracks for the German army. The Germans especially worked on the destruction of jewish culture in poland; almost all the wooden synagogues there were destroyed... And the sale of Polish literature was forbidden in all poland. The new educational goal of the Poles was to convince them that their national fate was hopeless, and to educate them to be submissive and decent to the Germans. The Germans were especially active in the destruction of jewish culture in poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were particularly involved in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were not allowed to sell their literature in Poland, and they did not have the right to sell their literature. The savings from the former were spent on the construction of the German minority schools or on the construction of the German army. The Polish Jews were especially active in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed... The savings from the former were used for the construction of the German minority schools or for the construction of the German army. The Polish Jews were particularly active in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed... The last polish titles that had not yet been banned were withdrawn in 1943; even polish prayer books were seized. The Polish Jews were not to be trained in any way. The new educational goal of the Poles was to convince them that their national destiny was hopeless, and to educate them to be submissive and good to the Germans. The Germans, particularly in the destruction of the Jewish culture, destroyed almost all wooden synagogues... The new educational goal of the Poles was to convince them that their national fate was hopeless and to educate them to be submissive and decent to the Germans. The last polish books that were not already banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The new educational goal of the Poles was to convince them that their national destiny is hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and decent to the Germans. The old educational goal was to convince them that their national destiny is hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and decent to the Germans. The savings from the former were used for the construction of the German minority schools or for the construction of the German army. The Polish Jews were particularly active in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially active in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The last polish books which had not been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... in 1941 the last polish libraries were closed in the German occupied territories in Warsaw. The occupying powers destroyed all the Polish books, including the sejm and senate libraries, the polytechnic library, the central military library, and the rapperswil library. The Polish Jews were especially active in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were especially active in the destruction of the Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were especially active in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were not allowed to sell their literature in Poland and they did not have the right to sell it. The Polish Jews were not trained in any way; the Polish Jews did not have any training. The last Polish books which had not yet been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The Poles especially fought against the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Poles were especially devoted to the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly devoted to the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Poles were particularly devoted to the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially devoted to the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly devoted to the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were especially involved in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were not allowed to sell their books in Poland, and they had no right to sell them. The Polish Jews were not taught; they did not have any training. The last Polish books which had not been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... In 1941 the last Polish books that had not been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of the Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of the Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of the Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly involved in the destruction of the Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were not allowed to sell their books in Poland, and they did not have the right to sell them. The last Polish books which had not yet been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The new educational goal of the Poles was to convince them that their national destiny is hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and decent to the Germans. The Polish Jews were especially concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all the wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned with the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The last Polish books that were not banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The last Polish books that had not been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed... The Polish Jews were The Polish Jews especially cared about the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews especially cared about the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews particularly cared about the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned about the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the destruction of Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The last Polish books that had not been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... In 1941, the last Polish books that had not been banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... The The Polish Jews were particularly interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed; the Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed; the Polish Jews were particularly interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed; the Polish Jews were particularly interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews especially occupied the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned about the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews especially occupied the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially concerned about Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews especially occupied the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly concerned about Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in the Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were particularly interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The Polish Jews were especially interested in Jewish culture in Poland; almost all wooden synagogues were destroyed. The last Polish books that were not banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated... In 1941, the last Polish books that were not banned in 1943 were deported; the rest were confiscated. The The nazis wanted to cut down entire cities. The Germans prevented any regular publishing of any polish and or literary study, or of scholarly papers. The Nazis wanted to destroy entire cities. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to run in the occupied poland, publishing polish dictionaries and antisemitic and anticommunist novels. In the censored books were at first books considered serious, scientific and educational, and texts that promoted polish patriotism; only books without anti-German elements were allowed. The prohibition of translations, maps, and journals, and the English and French dictionaries, as well as dictionaries... In the first place, censorship was first determined to cover books which were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those which were believed to promote polish patriotism; only fiction with anti-German overtones was permitted. The Germans first restricted any publication of any sort of literary, political, or scientific study, or books that promoted Polish patriotism; only books that did not contain any anti-German elements were allowed. Then the Nazis wanted to destroy the entire city. In 1940, a few censored printing presses began to appear in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anti-communist novels. Besides, the censorship first instituted restrictions on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first place, the censorship was first applied to books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and texts which promoted Polish patriotism; only books without anti-German elements were allowed. The list of banned authors consisted of the following authors: adam mickiewicz, julius sowacki, stanisaw wyspianski, bolesaw prus, stefan zeromski, jozef ignacy kraszewski, wadysaw reymont, stanisaw wyspianski, julian tuwim, kornel makuszynski, eliza orzeszkowa and maria konopnicka. The Nazis wanted to destroy the entire city. In 1940 several censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anticommunist novels. In the first place, censorship was first established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books that did not contain anti-German elements were allowed. The first thing was that censorship was set for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. Then the Nazis wanted to destroy the entire city. The censorship was first restricted to books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The list of the authors who were banned was composed of the following: Adam mickiewicz, julius sowacki, Stanisaw wyspianski, bolesaw prus, stefan zeromski, jozef ignacy kraszewski, wadysk reymont, Stanisaw wyspianski, julian tuwim, kornel makuszynski, eliza orzeszkowa and maria konopnicka. The first act was to exclude books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; only books without anti-German elements were allowed. In 1940, several censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anticommunist novels. In 1940 a few censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anti-communist novels. The first rule was that books should be considered serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; only books should be free of anti-German elements. The first rule was that books should be considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books should be free of anti-German elements. In the first rule censorship was established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. Then the Nazis wanted to destroy the entire city. In 1940, several censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anti-communist novels. In the first place, censorship was first established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The first order was to censor books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; only books that did not contain anti-German elements were allowed. The first order was to censor books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books that did not contain anti-German elements were allowed. The list of the banned authors consisted of the following: Adam mickiewicz, julius sowacki, Stanisaw wyspianski, bolesaw prus, stefan zeromski, jozef ignacy kraszewski, wadysk reymont, Stanisaw wyspianski, julian tuwim, kornel makuszynski, eliza orzeszkowa and maria konopnicka. The first stage was to have censorship put to the books considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first stage censorship was set for books considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were In 1940 a few censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anti-communist novels. In the first place, the censored books were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those which promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. Then, the Nazis wanted to destroy the whole town. The first order was that books should be considered serious, scientific and educational, and books that promote Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The first order was that books should be considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promote Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first place, censorship was first placed on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promote Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first order, censorship was placed on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promote Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the second order, censorship was placed on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promote Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the second order, censorship was placed on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promote Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In 1940, some censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anticommunist novels. In the first place, censorship was established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; only books that were not anti-German were allowed. In the first place, censorship was established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first place, censorship was established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The list of the banned authors consisted of the following: Adam mickiewicz, julius sowacki, Stanisaw wyspianski, In 1940 several censored printing presses were operating in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anticommunist novels. In the first place, censorship was first established for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books that were anti-German were allowed. In the first place, censorship was set for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The first place, censorship was set for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. Then, the Nazis wanted to destroy the whole city. In 1940, a few censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anti-communist novels. The first place was censorship of books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The first place was censorship of books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first place, censorship was instituted for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The first place was to place censorship on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. The first place was to put censorship on books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In 1940, a few censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anticommunist novels. In 1940, several censored printing presses appeared in the occupied poland, publishing dictionaries and anticommunist novels. The first order was to set censorship for books that were considered serious, scientific and educational, and those that promoted Polish patriotism; only books with anti-German elements were allowed. In the first order, censorship was placed on books ... and even a number of propaganda pieces were produced for theaters. And just like the movie theaters, which were forbidden by the Germans to exhibit serious spectacles, a similar situation had developed in theaters, which were prevented from presenting serious spectacles... Indeed, a number of propaganda pieces were produced for theaters... In a similar way to the cinemas, which the Germans dissuaded from showing serious spectacles, a similar situation had arisen in theaters which were inaccessible to serious spectacles. And like the movie theaters, which were forbidden by the Germans to show serious spectacles, theaters, too, were also prevented from displaying serious spectacles. Indeed, a number of propaganda pieces were produced for theaters... and even a number of propaganda pieces were produced for theatres. And besides, it was allowed actors to play in them and warned them that they would be punished as collaborators if they failed to obey. Then, like the theaters that were forbidden by the Germans to show serious spectacles, a similar situation took place in the theaters that were not able to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters, which were forbidden by the Germans to show serious spectacles, had taken place in theaters that were forbidden from showing serious spectacles. And just as the movie theaters, which were not allowed by the Germans to show serious spectacles, had been prevented from showing serious spectacles. Many musical performances were permitted in taverns and churches, and the proletariat decided to boycott the propagandist operas. And just like the theaters, which the Germans forbidden to show serious spectacles, a similar situation had been found in theaters that were inaccessible to serious spectacles. Indeed, a number of propaganda pieces were produced for theatres... and even a number of propaganda pieces were produced for theaters... And just like the theaters, which the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, theaters, too, were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just like the theaters, which the Germans forbidden to show serious spectacles, a similar situation had occurred in the theaters which were not permitted to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not allow serious spectacles had been found in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not allow serious spectacles had been found in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Besides, actors were allowed to play in them, and they were warned that they would be punished as collaborators if they did not comply. And just as the theaters that the Germans were not allowed to show serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans were not allowed to show serious spectacles, so too had the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. In the same way as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so too had theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Artistic artists, including painters and sculptors, were compelled to register with the german government; but their work was generally accepted in the underground if it represented propaganda. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. The same thing was true with the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, the same thing was true with the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. In a similar way to the cinemas that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, there were also in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans were not allowed to show serious spectacles were also found in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles were found in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. The first Attempts were made to create a negative image of pre-war poland, and later efforts were made to promote anti-semitic, antisemitic, and pro-political attitudes in Germany. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles were found in the theatres that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. In the same way as the theaters that the Germans were forbidden to show serious spectacles, there was a similar situation in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Then, like the theaters that the Germans were not allowed to show serious spectacles, a similar situation was found in the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did the theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. The soviet authorities considered the service of the Polish state as a crime against revolution and "counter to revolution", and arrested many members of the public realm, politicians, civil servants and... and just as the theaters that the Germans did not want to show serious spectacles, so did theaters that did not show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. And just as the theaters that the Germans did not want serious spectacles, so did theaters that were not allowed to show serious spectacles. Whoever wrote this nonsense had an opinion of his own. academics and ordinary people suspected of posing a threat to the soviet regime. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulag concentration camps, in the course of a century or more. The soviets rapidly seized the annexed lands and introduced compulsory confiscation of all the local and state-owned property. Then, they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property. Thus, they demolished political parties and public associations, and imprisoned or executed their leaders as “terrorists of the people”... the author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. On 10 february 1940 the NVG spies launched a campaign of terror against ‘anti-Soviet’ elements in occupied Poland. The targets of the soviets were foreigners who frequently traveled abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, bankers, industrialists, and hotel and restaurant owners. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The soviets swiftly seized the territories and introduced compulsory confiscation of all the local and state property. Then they confiscated, nationalized, and redeemed Polish property. Thus they destroyed political parties and public associations, and imprisoned or executed their leaders as “terrorists of the people”... a blatant anti-Soviet admonition imposed on Poland. The soviets’ targets included persons who often went abroad, persons who were involved in foreign correspondence, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks, industrialists, and hotel and restaurant owners. He had an opinion of his own. Those who wrote this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities set about deleting from Poland all the historic and cultural material which had been left in the country. The soviets quickly seized the occupied lands and made them confiscate, nationalize, and share. Then they confiscated, nationalized, and redeemed Polish property. Then they destroyed political parties and public organisations and repressed their leaders as ‘terrorists of the people’. Those who were attacked by the soviets were foreigners who often went abroad, those who had been involved in foreign correspondence, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks, industrialists and hotel and restaurant owners. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were driven to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were sent to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The soviet authorities seized the lands and took on compulsory confiscation of all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property; thus they destroyed political parties and political associations, and imprisoned or executed their leaders as ‘terrorists of the people’... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. All the objects of the Soviet system were razed to dust, and then they confiscated, nationalized and reverted all the Polish property. They razed political parties and public associations, and jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists of the people." The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began the process of purging all the historical and cultural material from it. The soviets quickly seized the territories and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property, then confiscated, nationalized and reclaimed Polish property; so they destroyed political parties and public associations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists of the people"... The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The soviets were most often drawn abroad, foreign correspondence, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks and industrialists, and restaurant owners. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were driven to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were sent to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The soviets had taken possession of the occupied Poland and began to evict the state property and the state property, then they seized, nationalized, and redistributed Polish property; thus they destroyed political parties and political associations, and arrested or executed their leaders as "terrorists of the people"... He had an opinion of his own. In the course of a century the Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to purge all the historical and cultural material from it. The Russian authorities seized the country and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property, then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all the Polish property, so they destroyed political parties and public associations, jailed or executed their leaders as “terrorists”... The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The soviets seized the country and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property, then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all the Polish property, so they destroyed political parties and public organizations and executed or executed their leaders as “terrorists”... The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The soviets’ targets were foreigners who often traveled abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks and industrialists, and restaurant owners. Many Polish citizens were thrown into Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were thrown into a gulag in a century or more. Many Polish citizens were thrown into a gulag in a century or more. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to seize and nationalize all the property of the state; then they seize, nationalize and reclaim Polish property; thus they destroy political parties and public associations, and execute or execute their leaders as “terrorists of the people.” The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of the occupied Poland and began to evict state property and the state property, then they seize, nationalize and reclaim Polish property; thus they destroy political parties and public organizations, and imprison or execute their leaders as “terrorists of the people”... The He had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to destroy and nationalize all the national and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all the national and state property; then they destroyed political parties and political associations, and imprisoned or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and reclaimed all Polish property; then they demolished political parties and political associations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were thrown into Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property, then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property, then they destroyed political parties and public organizations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of the occupied Poland and began to evict state and state property, then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property, then they destroyed political parties and public associations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were sent to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. The soviets' targets were foreigners who often traveled abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks and industrialists. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The Many Poles were taken to Siberia, many to gulags in a century. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the state and local property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public associations, and executed or executed their leaders as 'terrorists'... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public associations, jailed or executed their leaders as 'terrorists'... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags in a century or more. Many Polish citizens were deported to gulags in a century or more; the soviets often went abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, nobility, landowners, rich merchants, banks and industrialists, and restaurants. The Russian authorities quickly seized the territories and started confiscating and nationalizing all the property of the state; then they confiscated, nationalized and reclaimed all Polish property; then they destroyed political parties and political associations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were sent to Siberia, many to gulags in a century. The Russian authorities seized the country and began confiscating and nationalizing all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they destroyed political parties and political associations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The soviets' targets were foreigners who often traveled abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, He had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were thrown into Siberia, many to gulags in a century. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were thrown into a gulag in a century, many to gulags in a century. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public associations, jailed or executed their leaders as ‘terrorists’... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Polish citizens were thrown into a gulag in a century; the soviets were often taken abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious communities, nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks and industrialists, and restaurants. Many Polish citizens were taken to Siberia, many to gulags in a century. The Russian authorities quickly seized the occupied Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they destroyed political parties and political associations, jailed or executed their leaders as 'terrorists'... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were taken to gulags in a century, many in a gulags in a century. The Russian authorities quickly took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public organizations, and jailed or executed their leaders as 'terrorists'... The author of this nonsense had an opinion of his own. The Russian authorities quickly took possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public associations, and jailed or It was very fast to the Russian authorities and they began to confiscate and nationalize all the property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all the property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all the property; then they confiscated political parties and public organizations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were exiled to Siberia, many to gulags in a century. Many Poles were exiled to Siberia, many to gulags in a century. The Russian authorities had taken possession of Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public organizations, convicted or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The Russian authorities had seized the country and began to confiscate and nationalize all the property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and public organizations, convicted or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The Russian authorities had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were taken to Siberia, many to gulags in a century; the soviets often went abroad, esperantists, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, banks and industrialists, and restaurant owners. The Russian authorities seized Poland and began to confiscate and nationalize all the local and state property; then they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed all Polish property; then they confiscated political parties and political associations, jailed or executed their leaders as "terrorists"... The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. The author of this rubbish had an opinion of his own. Many Poles were expelled from Siberia in a century, many from gulags in a century. Many Poles were expelled from gulags in a century, many from gulags in a century. The Russian authorities quickly seize the occupied Poland and start confiscating and nationalizing all the local and In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers' association created a chapter, with a literature-and-language society and a radio station.... ” The activities of the literary society of soviet ukraine were less well organized. The provincial authorities strictly controlled them and made sure that these activities portrayed the new Soviet regime positively and vilified the former Polish government... In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers’ association created a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station....” The activities of the literary society of the soviet ukraine were less well organized. The provincial authorities strictly regulated their activities, and viewed them as an image of the new Soviet regime, and slandered the former Polish government... In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers' association set up a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station...'In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers' association set up a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station...' he then reversed his decision again, because the need for polish propaganda arose after the german invasion of the soviet union, and stalin allowed the creation of Polish forces in the east, and later decided to create a communist republic of poland... In the middle of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers' association set up a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station...' The activities of the literary society of soviet ukraine were less organized. The provincial authorities strictly controlled their activities, and considered them an image of the new Soviet regime and slandered the former Polish government... But stalin, soon after, decided to re-introduce the russification policies. In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers’ association established a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station...’ The activities of the literary society of the Russian ukraine were less well organised. The provincial authorities strictly regulated their activities, and considered them an image of the new Soviet regime and slandered the former Polish government. In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers’ association established a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station... ‘In the centre of Minsk and Wilno, the provincial writers’ association established a chapter, with a literary society and a radio station...’ The provincial authorities imposed on them strict controls and made sure that these activities were portrayed positively as that of the new Soviet regime and did not degrade the former Polish government. The activities of the literary society of the soviet republic were less organized. The provincial authorities were strictly regulated and considered them an image of the new Soviet regime and slandered the former Polish government. The provincial authorities placed great importance on their activities and wanted to portray them as the new Soviet regime and degraded the former Polish government. The activities of the literary society of the soviet republic were less organised. The provincial authorities strictly regulated their activities and considered them an image of the new Soviet regime and degraded the former Polish government... In the middle of Minsk and Wilno the provincial writers’ association created a chapter with a literary society and a radio station... In the middle of Minsk and Wilno the provincial writers’ association created a chapter with a literary society and a radio station. It was also the case that many Polish writers collaborated with the soviets, writing pro- But there are some writers, like Wadysaw bronyewski, who, after working with the soviets for several months, have joined the anti-Soviet resistance... winawer... but some of the writers, such as wadysaw bronyewski, after collaborating with the soviets for a few months, have joined the anti-Soviet opposition..... other polish writers, however, have turned against the soviet right and have published on the underground: jadwiga czechowiczowna, jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamska At the same time, aleksandr wat, who had been at first a great admirer of communism, was arrested by the secret police of the soviets and then sent to kazakhstan. Then, too, some writers, such as Wadyshchikov, after working with the Soviets for several months, joined the anti-Soviet opposition.... But there are other writers who, like Wadyshchikov, have backed the soviets and published on the underground: jussie czechowiczowna, jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamska... well, if there are some of them, like Wadyshchikov, who have had contact with the soviets for several months, and joined the resistance against the Soviets... , for example, at first Aleksandr Wat, a great admirer of communism, was arrested by the soviets’ secret police and then sent to kazakhstan. However, some other writers, like Wadyshchikov, have been sympathetic to the Soviets and have been published in the underground: jussie czechowiczowna, jerzy hordynski, j dwiga gamska... but there are other writers, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for a few months and who have been anti-Soviet... but some of these writers, like Wadyshchikov, have turned against the Soviets and published on the underground: j dwiga czechowiczowna, j dwiga gamska, j dwiga gamska... but if there are some, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet opposition... so they sponsored the underground publication of the works of winston churchill and arkady fiedler, and of the polish elementary school primer... they gave artists the power to create anti-Soviet propaganda (which was then disseminated by operationn and other and like activities) But there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have worked with the Soviets for several months, and joined the anti-Soviet... But there are other writers, like Wadyshchikov, who have worked with the Soviets for several months and joined the anti-Soviet... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and joined the anti-Soviet... But there are other writers, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and who have joined the anti-Soviet... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and who have joined the anti-Soviet... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have backed the Soviets and published on the underground: j dwiga czechowiczowna, j dwiga gamsy... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and who have joined the anti-Soviet... But there are other writers, like Wadyshchikov, who have backed the soviets and published in the underground: jussie czechowiczowna, jussie hordynski, jussie gams... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet... but there are some other writers, like Wadyshchikov, who have backed the soviets and published on the underground: jussie czechowiczowna, jussie hordynski, jussie gams... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been to the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet... But there are some writers like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... But there are other writers like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... But there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... But there are other writers, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... but there are others, like Wadyshchikov, who have been in the Soviets for several months and have joined the anti-Soviet movement... *the underground educational activities... - ‘at a very large scale,’ in a word, the secret teaching organization (tajna organizacja nauczycielsk, Tn) was created as early as the first months of 1939. They were gradually subordinated and coordinated by the Tn, who was linked in particular to the state department of culture and education, which had been created in autumn 1941 and was headed by Czesaw wycech, creator of the Tn. A hidden teaching organization called the Tajna organization was founded in the first months of 1939. It was established on the principle of fostering an atmosphere of secret teaching, to the point of subordinated and coordinated by the Tajna, which was mainly associated with the state departments of culture and education, created in autumn 1941 and directed by Czesaw wycech, the creator of the Tajna. The underground classes were held in official premises or in private houses and other places. More than 90 000 students from the secondary school attended the underground classes conducted by nearly six teachers in 1943 and 1944 in four districts of the general government (centered on the cities of warsaw, krakow, radom, and lublin)... More than 90, - 000 secondary school pupils attended the underground classes held by nearly six teachers in 1943 and 1944 in four districts of the general government (centered on the cities of warsaw, krakow, radom, and lublin)... A secret tajna, called Tajna, was founded in the first months of 1939. It was founded on the principle of cultivating an atmosphere of secret teaching, to the point of subordinate and coordination by Tajna, which was mainly connected with the state department of culture and education, created in autumn 1941 and headed by Czesaw wycech, the founder of Tajna. More than 90 000 students from the high school took part in the underground courses of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts of the general government (namely, warsaw, krakow, radom, and Lublin).... More than 90, 000 students from the high school took part in the underground classes of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944 in four districts of the general government (namely, Warsaw, krakow, radom, and lublin).. In general, in that time, one of every three children received some kind of pedagogy from the underground, with about 70 % of the children who could go to school.... In the ghettos, however, there was no place for polish jewish students, because they were restricted by the nazi germans to the ghettos; however, there was a kind of ghetto education for polish Jews, often supported by Polish organizations like ton... "To a large extent, in fact," he said, "the secret tajna, tajna, tajna, tajna, tajna, was created early in 1939. It was gradually subordinated and centralized by the Tn, who in particular was attached to the State Department of Culture and Education, created in autumn 1941 and led by Czesaw wycech, the founder of the Tn. In the past, the secret tajna (tajna) was formed in the first months of 1939, and was gradually subordinated and centralized by the Tn, who was linked especially to the State Department of Culture and Education, which had been created in autumn 1941 and was headed by Czesaw wycech, the founder of the Tn. During that time, about one third of all children received some kind of pedagogy from the underground, about 70 % of the children were able to attend school. The underground school attended in official places or in private houses. More than 90 000 students from the school attended the underground school of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts of the state (warsaw, krakow, radom and Lublin).... More than 90 000 students from the school took part in the underground school of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944 in four districts of the state (warsaw, krakow, radom and Lublin).... More than 90, 000 students from the high school participated in the underground school of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts of the state (warsaw, krakow, radom and lublin)... The underground school was held in the official premises or in private houses and other places. The secret school was founded in the first months of 1939, and it was gradually subordinated and centralized by the Tn, in particular linked to the State Department of Culture and Education, which was established in autumn 1941 and led by Czesaw wycech, founder of the Tn. The school was in the official offices or in private houses. More than 90 000 students from the school attended the school’s underground classes, almost six teachers, in 1943 and 1944, in four districts of the state (warsaw, krakow, radom, and Lublin). More than 90 000 students from the high school attended the underground classes of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts (warsaw, krakow, radom, and Lublin). More than 90, 000 students from the school took part in the underground classes taught by almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944 in four districts of the state (warsaw, krakow, radom and radon). More than 90, 000 students from the high school attended the underground classes taught by almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944 in four districts (warsaw, krakow, radon and lublin). The underground classes were held in official places or in private houses. During this time, one third of all children received some pedagogy from the underground, about 70 % of them went to school. In the ghettos, however, there was no place for polish Jews because the nazi germans restricted them to the ghettos; however, there were some sort of ghetto education for Polish Jews, often organized by Polish organisations like ton... More than 90 000 students from the school took part in the underground school of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts of the state (warsaw, krakow, radom and lublin). More than 90 000 students from the high school participated in the underground school of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts (warsaw, krakow, radom and lublin), more than 90, 000 students from the high school took part in the underground school of almost six teachers in 1943 and 1944, in four districts (warsaw, krakow, radom and lublin). In general, about one third of all children received some pedagogy from the underground, and ... Thus, they continued their studies during the war.... Since, for example, wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewicz, a linguist, a considerable number of Polish scientists received, by the underground, state support, funding their research.... At the same time, they continued to study after the war... since, for example, Wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewicz, a Polish linguist, a great number of Polish scientists were financed by the underground by the state. The german attitude towards the underground education varied depending on whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed territories. For the most part, closing the underground schools and colleges in the general government was not a matter of priority for the germans. Since, for example, Wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewicz, a large number of Polish scientists received state funding for their research... While studying after the war... since, for example, Wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewicz, a Polish linguist, a considerable number of Polish scientists were financed by the underground by the state.... In 1944 a German report on education admitted that governing the education of schools, especially rural ones, was difficult, partly because of lack of manpower, transportation, and the activities of the resisting German states.... in 1944 hans frank declared that although the schoolboys were "a mortal enemy" of the german states, they could not be immediately abolished. In 1944, a German report on education said that governing the education of schools in rural areas was difficult, owing to lack of manpower, transportation, and activities of the resisting German states... So they continued their studies during the war... because, for example, Wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and a Polish linguist, a great number of Polish scientists were financed by the underground by the state. However, in the case of the annexed territories, it was seen as a far more serious issue, as it hindered the process of the Germanization, and participation in the underground was much more likely to result in the sentence of a concentration camp. In 1944, the report of the German education department admitted that education in the rural schools was difficult, partly because of lack of manpower, transportation, and the activity of the German states against the enemy. In the case of the annexed territories, besides publishing news, there were also hundreds of underground publications for politics, economics, education, and literature (for example, the newsletter of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs)... He declared that although the schoolboys were a mortal enemy of the German states, they could not be abolished at once. In 1944 the German government report on education admitted that the education of schools in the rural areas was difficult, mainly due to the lack of manpower, transportation and the activities of the resisting German states. In 1944 the German administration reported that education in the rural areas was difficult, partly due to the lack of manpower, transportation and the activities of the resisting German states. However, in the annexed regions it was regarded as a far more serious matter, because it hindered the Germanization process and a participation in the underground was much more likely to lead to the sentence of a concentration camp. Thus, during the war, they continued to study; for example, Wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and a Polish linguist, a large number of Polish scientists were financed by the state. In 1944, the German report on education admitted that the education of the schools, especially in rural areas, was difficult, partly due to lack of manpower, transport and the activities of the resisting German states. Thus, they studied during the war. For example, Wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and a Polish linguist, a large number of Polish scientists were financed by the state by the underground. In addition to the news, besides the magazine, there were also hundreds of underground publications for politics, economics, education and literature (for example, the newsletter of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs). However, in the annexed territories, the situation was considered more serious, since it hindered the Germanization process, and participation in the underground was much more likely to result in a concentration camp. After the war, for instance, Wadystya Tsarkiewicz, a Polish philosopher, and a linguist, a great many Polish scientists were financed by the state. In 1944, the German report on education admitted that the education of the schools in rural areas was difficult, mainly because of the lack of manpower, the transportation and the activities of the resistance. In 1944, the German report on education admitted that education in the rural areas was difficult, partly because of the lack of manpower, the transportation and the activities of the opposition states. In 1944, the report of the German education department admitted that the education of the schools in rural areas was difficult, because of the lack of manpower, the transportation, and the activities of the resisting states. However, in the annexed areas it was seen as a far more serious matter, because it hindered the Germanization process and participation in the underground was much more likely to lead to the sentence of a concentration camp. However, in the annexed areas, it was considered a much more serious matter, because it hindered the Germanization process and was much more likely to result in the execution of the concentration camp. In 1944 the German administration admitted that the education of schools in rural areas was difficult, partly due to lack of manpower, transportation and activities of the repressed German states. Thus, they studied during the war; for example, Wadystystystystystystystystystystystystystystysty, a Polish philosopher and a Polish linguist financed by the state. Thus, during the war, they studied; for example, Wadystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystystysty, a Polish philosopher and a Polish linguist, a great many Polish scientists were financed by the state. The two biggest underground publishers of underground publications were the Bureau of Information and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. But the Besides polish titles, the krajowa also published false German newspapers designed to stifle the morale of the occupying German forces (as part of the "situation n").... - propaganda of the krajowa and the delegation for poland.... tajne wojskowe zakady wydawnicze (secret military publishing house) of jerzy rutkowski (subordinated to the krajowa) was probably the biggest underground publisher in the world. The most important underground press houses for Polish underground publications were located in occupied warsaw; until the summer of 1944, the Germans found over 16 underground printing presses, of which most of the employees were executed or sent to concentration camps. The krajowa's propaganda was distributed by a number of krajowa officials, and the krajowa delegation to poland... besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published false German newspapers intended to depress the morale of the German army in occupied Germany (as part of the "situation n"). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were designed to weaken the morale of the occupying German forces (in a "situation n")... tajne wojskowe zakady wydawnicze (secret military publishing house) of jerzy rutkowski (subordinated to the krajowa) was probably the biggest underground publisher in the world. The krajowa propaganda was distributed by a number of officials and by the krajowa delegation to poland. Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, designed to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides Polish titles, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to weaken the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides Polish titles, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers intended to weaken the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers intended to weaken the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). (na ucho was the longest Polish underground newspaper devoted to satire, having been published since the year 194]. (Some statistics enumerates that these couriers were among the most frequently arrested by the germans.). besides Polish titles, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, intended to depress the morale of the occupied German forces (in a'situation n'). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). (some statistics say that the couriers of these couriers were among the most frequently arrested by the Germans. Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). The krajowa propaganda was distributed by a number of officials and by the krajowa delegation to poland. Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a'situation n'). The propaganda of the krajowa and the delegation to poland. Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). In addition to the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). In addition to the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). Besides the names of Polish newspapers, the krajowa also published fake German newspapers, which were intended to depress the morale of the occupying German forces (in a “situation n”). , the garrisons, and even the camp (jan maria gisges, halina gosczowa, zofia gorsa (Romanowiczowa), tadeusz ho-uj, kazimierz andrzej jaworski and marian kubicki) ). Many writers did not survive the war, among them krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz boy, zuzanna ginczanka, juliusz kaden, tetmajer and brunoschulz...... with the censorship of Polish theatre (and with the net-operated and censored Polish radio and film) underground theaters were established, mostly in warsaw and krakow, where plays were presented, mainly in underground theaters. I drew up four large companies and more than 40 smaller groups, all of which took part in the theater, with a heavy emphasis on amateur drama. Many of the actors who had been officially employed in the service were karol adwentowicz, elzbieta barszczewska, henryk borowski, wojciech brydzinski, wadysaw hancza, stefan jaracz, tadeusz kantor, mieczysaw kotlarczyk, bohdan korzeniowski, jan kreczmar, adam mularczyk, andrzej pronaszko, leon schiller, arnold szyfman, stanisawa uminska, edmund wiercinska, maria wiercinska, karol wojtya (who later became pope john paul iii), marian wyrzykowski, jerzy zawieyski, and others. Many writers did not survive the war, among them krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz boy, zuzanna ginczanka, juliuszkaden, tetmajer and brunoschulz. Many underground actors, many of whom officially worked in the petty sphere, included karol adwentowicz, elzbieta barszczewska, henryk borowski, wojciech brydzinski, stefan jaracz, tadeusz kotlarczyk, bohdan korzeniowski, jan kreczmar, adam kreczmar, adam korzeniowski, jan kreczmar, adam kreczmar, adam mularczyk, andrzej pronaszko, leon schiller, arnold szyfman, stanis I took a considerable number of actors, many of whom were official employed in the service, among whom karol adwentowicz, elzbieta barszczewska, henryk borowski, wojciech brydzinski, wadysaw hancza, stefan jaracz, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz ho-uj, kazimierz andrzej jaworski).... Many writers did not survive the war, among them krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz boy, zuzanna ginczanka, tetmajer and brunoschulz. Many writers did not survive the war, among them krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz boy, zuzanna ginczanka, tetmajer and brunoschulz. Many underground performers, many of whom were officially employed in the petty sphere, included karol adwentowicz, elzbethyej, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kantor, mieczysaw kotlarczyk, bohdan korzeniowski, jan kreczmar, adam kreczmar - Adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, zygmunt latoszewski, jerzy lefeld, witold lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkofiev, edmund rudnicki, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jerzy waldorff, kazimierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, bolesaw woytowicz, mira ziminska) in restaurants, cafes and private homes, in a very daring way, in the streets, singing patriotic ballads in the streets, at the moment when the german patrols were approaching, Adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, zygmunt latoszewski, witold lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkofiev, eugenia uminska, jerzy waldorff, kazimierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, bolesaw woytowicz, mira ziminska) in restaurants, in private homes, in a very daring way, in the streets, singing patriotic ballads in the streets, at the moment when the german troops were approaching, jewish musicians and even artists performed in ghettos and even in concentration camps. Adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, witold lutoszewski, jerzy lefeld, witold lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkofiev, edmund rudnicki, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, azimierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, bolesaw woytowicz, mira ziminska) in restaurants, in private homes, in a very daring way, in the streets, singing patriotic songs in the streets, at the moment when the german troops were approaching, jewish musicians and even artists performed in the ghettos and even in the concentration camps. Despite the fact that many of them died, some survived abroad, like alexandr tansman in the united states, and Eddie rosner and henryk wars in the soviet union. And also, in underground, art was practiced. cafes, restaurants and private homes turned into galleries or museums, some were closed, their owners, the staff and the visitors arrested, and even executed. The Polish Underground Artists were eryk lipinski, stanisaw miedza, stanisaw ostoja, chrostowski, and konstanty maria sopocko. In the underground, art was practiced. Among them some artists possessed an agency of the underground, forging money and documents, and composing anti-Napoleonic art (as posters and caricatures), or nationalist symbols (for instance kotwica). And in the underground, art was practiced. Adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, witold lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkofiev, eugenia uminska, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eu In the underground art was practiced. Adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, witold lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkofiev, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia The most recent was that of eryk lipinski, Stanisawmiedza, Stanisaw ostoja, chrostowski, and Konstanty Marie Sopocko. In the underground art was practised. The Polish underground art was practised by eryk lipinski, stanisaw ostoja, chrostowski, and Konstanty Marie Sopocko. In the underground art was practiced. Adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, witold lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkofiev, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, eugenia uminska, e To the great perplexity of the warsaw people, in the last few weeks of August (the three weeks of October 1944) the Polish people in their own land endeavored to recreate the life of their free country in its former splendour. All these activities were supported by the underground state-owned cultural department. Even the tournaments at Warsaw, Krakow, and Poznan were organized, though these were usually dispersed by the Germans. But in the last few weeks of August (the three weeks of October 1944) the Polish people in their own land endeavored to revive the life of their free country to its former splendour. This activity was supported by the underground state-owned cultural department. Even the amateur poetry tournament was held during the uprising, and the prize was weaponry (a great many young Polish poets were also members of the resistance). Besides, all the cultural activities of the city and in the countryside were enriched by the underground state-owned cultural department. Even the concerted poetry contests at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan were organized, although these were usually dispersed by the Germans. This general, antonii bohdziewicz, the provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three newsreels and over 30 000 metres (98_ 425] of film documenting the struggle. But in the last few weeks of August (the three weeks of October 1944) the Polish people in their own land tried to recreate their free country’s former splendour. This work was supported by the underground state-owned cultural department. All these activities were supported by the underground state-owned cultural department. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three newsreels and over thirty 000 meters of film about the struggle. These activities were supported by the underground state-owned cultural department. The amateur poetry competition was held in the epoch, and the prize was weaponry (a great many young Polish poets were also members of the resistance). This general, antonii bohdziewich, provincial spy in information and propaganda, even composed three newsreels and over 30 000 metres (98.415) of film that was about the struggle. The polish artists also worked abroad, outside of occupied europe... Arkady Fidler, based in britain, wrote about the 303 Polish fighter squadron. In addition to all these cultural activities in the city and in the countryside, the underground cultural department in the city and in the countryside was enriched by the underground cultural department. The amateur poetry contest was held during the uprising, and the prize was weapons (a great many young Polish poets were also members of the resistance). All these activities were supported by the underground cultural department. In the last few weeks of August (the third week of October 1944) the Polish people in their own country attempted to resurrect their free country in its former splendor. All these activities were supported by the underground cultural department. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, the provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three newsreels and over thirty 000 meters of film about the struggle. But in the last few weeks (the third week of October 1944) the Polish people in their own country aspired to resurrect the life of their free country in its former splendor. This activity was supported by the underground cultural department. The amateur poetry contest was held during the uprising, and the prize was weapons (a great many Polish poets also participated in the resistance). Also there were Polish authors who performed in the west as well as in the east. All this activity was supported by the underground cultural department. In addition, all the cultural activities of the city and in the countryside were enriched by the underground cultural department. Arkady Fidler, who was based in Bratislava, wrote about the 303 Polish fighters. Then melchiorwankowicz wrote about the Polish contribution to the capture of Montecassino in Italy. Arkady Fidler, based in Britain, wrote about the 303 Polish fighter squadron. There were Polish writers who performed for the Polish troops in the west and for the Polish troops in the east. The Polish people, to the great astonishment of the warsaw people, in the last few weeks of August (the third week of October 1944) in their country tried to revive their freedom of country in its former splendor. This work was supported by the underground cultural department. Besides, the cultural activities of the city and in the countryside were enriched by the underground cultural department. Besides, the cultural activities of the city and the countryside were enriched by the underground cultural department. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial spy on information and propaganda, composed three newsreels and over thirty 000 metres of film about the struggle. The festival of the 305 Polish fighters was also held, but they were generally dispersed by the Germans. The last weeks of August (the third week of October 1944) the Polish people in their own country aspired to resurrect their free country in its former splendour, this activity was supported by the underground cultural department. Moreover, all the cultural activities in the city and in the country were enriched by the underground cultural department. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three news reels and over thirty 000 metres of film about the struggle. The general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three news reels and over thirty 000 metres of film about the struggle. The most famous song of the soldiers fighting with the allies was the song “Czerwone maki na monte cassino” (red poppies on monte cassino) by felik konarski and alfredschultz in 1944. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three news reels and over thirty 000 meters of film about the struggle. There were also Polish poets who performed abroad, in the east and in the west. All these activities were supported by the underground cultural department. There were Polish authors who performed abroad, outside of the occupied europe... in Britain, Arkady Fidler wrote about the 303 Polish fighters. In the last weeks of August (the third week of October 1944), the Polish people in their own country were striving to resurrect their free country to its former splendor. This activity was supported by the underground cultural department. Besides, the cultural activities of the city and the countryside were enriched by the underground cultural department. Besides, the cultural activities of the city and the countryside were enriched by the underground cultural department. The Polish people in their own country were trying to resurrect their country’s former splendor in the past; this activity was supported by the underground cultural department. The amateur poetry competition was held in the past, and the prize was weapons (a great many young Polish poets also took part in the struggle). There were Polish writers who performed in the west and in the east for the Polish army. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial spy on information and propaganda, even composed three news reels and over thirty 000 metres of film about the struggle. The Polish army also took part in the fights of the 305 Polish soldiers in Italy, meanwhile melchiorwankowicz wrote about the Polish contribution to the capture of Montecassino in Italy. The Polish people in their country, to the great surprise of the warsaw people, in the last weeks of August (three weeks of October 1944), in their country tried to revive their free country in its former glory. This was supported by the underground cultural department. This general, Antonii Bohdziewich, provincial scout of information and propaganda, even composed three news reels and over thirty 000 meters of film about the struggle. Besides, the cultural activities in the city and in the country were enriched by the underground cultural department. The poets who performed abroad, outside of the occupied europe... in Britain, Arkady Fidler wrote about the 303 Polish fighters. Among the polish painters who were active in the war, there was some of them, mostly soldiers of the ii corps, and among them painters such as tadeus piotr potworowski, adam kossowski, marian Kratochwil, bolesaw leitgeber, and stefan knapp. Besides, the cultural activities in the city and in the countryside were enriched by the underground cultural department. ... or saviors wrote in god’s playground: ” In 1945, as a prize for unspeakable sacrifices, the survivors’ attachment to their native culture was stronger than ever... “ But there was something else, very close to, with a swarm of students, mostly of the students to the teachers... “> And there was something else, something that was very close to the other, with the majority of the students, mostly of the teachers... or saviors wrote on the playground:... or saviors wrote in the God's playground:... In 1945, as a prize for unheard-of sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their home language. But this culture was different from that of the cultures of periwar poland. The destruction of the jewish community, the postwar change of its territorial boundaries, the postwar migrations, left poland without its historic ethnic minorities... In 1945, as a prize for unspeakable sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. The destruction of the jewish community, the postwar change in its territorial boundaries, the postwar immigration, left poland without its ancient ethnic minorities.... But there was something else, something very near, with a throng of students, mostly of the students to the teachers... / saviors wrote on the playground... / saviors wrote on the playground... / saviors wrote on the playground... / saviors wrote in the playground:...... / saviors wrote in the playground:... For the defense of the state, the surviving people cherished their language. But that culture was different from that of the culture of periwar Poland. In 1945, as a prize for unheard-of sacrifices, the survivors cherished their language. In 1945, as a prize for unheard-of sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. And there was another, very close, with a throng of students, mostly of students to teachers... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... In 1945, as a prize for unheard-of sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. But this culture was different from the culture of the periwar Poland. The destruction of the jewish community, the postwar change in its territorial boundaries, the postwar immigration, left poland without its historic ethnic minorities... In 1945, as a prize for unheard-of sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. And there was something else, something very near, with a throng of students, mostly of the teachers... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or In 1945, as a prize for unspeakable sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. But that culture was different from that of the periwar Poland. The destruction of the jewish community, the postwar change in its boundaries, the postwar immigration, left poland without its historical ethnic minorities. In 1945, as a prize for unspeakable sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. In 1945, as a prize for unspeakable sacrifices, the surviving people cherished their language. And there was another, very near, with a large number of students, mostly of teachers... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground... or saviors wrote on the playground...