 The Santa Claus and Easter-Arbor was a strong cyclone, moving along the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. Santa Claus and Easter-Arbor was an intense cyclone, which formed on the east coast of the United States and the Atlantic Canada. When it entered the warm waters of the gulf stream of the atlantic ocean, it rapidly intensified, exhibiting characteristics of a tropical system and including the formation of an eye... Santa Claus and Easter-Arbor was an intense cyclone, formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. When it entered the warm waters of the Gulf of the Atlantic, it quickly intensified, showing signs of a tropical system, and including an eye....... because of the uncertainty of the weather, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) referred to it as a tropical cyclone. On the 24th and 23rd of December it reached an altitude of 970 millibars, and after a northward shift, it sank near New York City on Christmas eve. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an intense cyclone, which formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was a strong cyclone, which sprang up along the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It entered the warm waters of the Gulf of the Atlantic and rapidly intensified, with signs of a tropical system and an eye. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an intense cyclone, which was formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was heavy on Long Island and on Midtown, and in connecticut a dozen or so families were cut off. But a whole wide portion of the eastern coast was affected by high winds, coastal flooding, and beach erosion. New York state and New Hampshire were particularly affected by the cyclone; damage was extensive on Long Island, and in connecticut more than a hundred, one-hundred-and-thirty-five households lost power during the storm. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone, which originated on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone, which formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It originated on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, and entered the warm waters of the Gulf of the Atlantic and grew and appeared with the characteristic of a tropical system and an eye. The entropical system and the eye. The entropical system and the eye... The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada... It was heavy on Long Island and Midtown, and a dozen families were cut off in connecticut. But there were high winds, coastal flooding, and erosion on the eastern coast. In New York and New Hampshire it was particularly affected by the entropical cyclone. On Long Island, on Midtown, a dozen or so families were cut off, but on the entire eastern coast the damage was extensive, and the storm damage was extensive, up to the head of Long Island, and more than a hundred, one-hundred-and-thirty-five households were destroyed. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It originated on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, and it entered the warm waters of the Gulf of the Atlantic and quickly established itself, with the appearance of a tropical system and an eye. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was an entropical cyclone that had formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. The storm had sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was a high cyclone, which was launched on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It had sprang up on Long Island and Midtown, and in the city there were a dozen or so families cut off; but the whole eastern coast was affected by high winds, coastal flooding, and beach erosion. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone, which sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, and sprang up on the warm waters of the Gulf of the Atlantic and rapidly, with signs of a tropical system and an eye... the national hurricane center reflected that “as it passed through the Bahamas, it was as if it were to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm. Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. The cyclone had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, when it entered the warm waters of the Atlantic Ocean and quickly grew up with the appearance of a tropical system and an eye. The entropical system and the eye... The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was a cyclone forming on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, entered the warm waters of the Atlantic Ocean, and rapidly grew up, with the appearance of a tropical system and an eye. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It had sprung up on Long Island and Midtown, and many families were cut off, but the eastern coast was ravaged by high winds, coastal flooding and beach erosion. The entropical cyclone sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was a tropical cyclone which had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, and sprang up in the warm waters of the Gulf of the Atlantic and rapidly grew and showed signs of a tropical cyclone and an eye. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropic cyclone that sprang up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. On Long Island, on Midtown, there were a dozen or so families cut off; but on the eastern coast, the damage was widespread and storm damage was severe, up to the head of Long Island, and more than a hundred, one hundred and fifty-five families lost their electricity. - Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada - Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It was an entropical cyclone that had formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It grew on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, entered the warm waters of the Atlantic and quickly grew and formed a tropical system and an eye. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, where it entered the warm waters of the Atlantic, and rapidly grew, with signs of a tropical system and an eye. The Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. The cyclone had sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, and it sprung up on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada, when it entered the warm waters of the Atlantic and grew, with signs of a tropical system and an eye. The entropical system and the eye... The entropical system and the eye... The entropical system and the eye... The entropical system and the eye... The entropical system and the eye... Santa Claus and Easter Aberraheer was an entropical cyclone that formed on the east coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It formed on Long Island and Midtown, but on the eastern coast the damage was widespread, and the storm damage was severe, up to the head of Long Island, and more than a hundred and fifty families were lost. The stream, having been flooded by the small sea, developed a central convection, a characteristic of an extratropical cyclone, and at one point an eye. Despite these tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. It had no frontal features and had a warm core, but the radius of maximum winds was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles; 290 nautical miles), so it did not qualify under the nhc standard, But because it was not a tropical storm, the main circulation was weak, and the water was flooded by the small sea, forming a central convection, which is characteristic of an extratropical cyclone, and there was an eye. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. A secondary low developed behind the storm and became larger in size than the initial disturbance, the higher @- @ level system that was developing behind the storm intensified and grew larger than the original disturbance. The high-level low pressure that was developed behind the storm began to grow larger and larger than the first disturbance. The primary low passed along the south shore of long island, and made landfall near New York City on the 24th of december. The stream was flooded by the small sea and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an extratropical cyclone, and an eye. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. It had no frontal features and a warm core, but its maximum wind range was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles and 290 nautical miles), so it was not a nhc-storm. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. After the primary cyclone passed along the south shore of Long Island, it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The system began to slow down as it moved towards Nova Scotia, and at the early hours of the 26th the two low pressures moved together to the sea in tandem. After the primary cyclone passed along the south shore of Long Island, it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. After the main cyclone had passed along the south shore of Long Island, it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The primary cyclone was flooded by the small sea, developed a central convection, a characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. It had no frontal features and a warm core, but its maximum wind strength was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles and 290 nautical miles), so it was not a nhc storm. Despite these tropical characteristics, it was not considered a nhc storm. It had no frontal features and a warm core, but the maximum wind range was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles, and 290 nautical miles), so it was not a nhc storm. After the primary cyclone had passed along the south shore of Long Island, it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The flood of the small sea created a central convection, a characteristic of an extratropical cyclone, and an eye. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. The secondary low drew down from the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, the high-level system developing behind the storm increased and became larger than the initial disturbance. The secondary low developed on the south shore of Long Island, and it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The primary low passed over the south shore of Long Island, and made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The primary cyclone was flooded by the small sea, and it had a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. Despite these tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. It had no frontal features and a warm core, but the radius of maximum wind was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles and 290 nautical miles), so it was not considered a tropical storm. The primary cyclone passed along the south shore of Long Island, and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The storm was flooded by the small sea and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The secondary low came out of the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, the higher level system, which was developing behind the storm, became larger and larger than the initial disturbance. The main cyclone passed along the south shore of Long Island, and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The main cyclone flooded the small sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The secondary low developed behind the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, the higher level system, which was forming behind the storm, grew and grew larger than the first. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. The storm that swept along the south shore of Long Island, and made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November, was flooded by the small sea, and created a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and a spectacle. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a hurricane. The main cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island, and made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The storm that swept along the south shore of Long Island made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. After the primary cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island, it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The cyclone, having been flooded by the sea, formed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. It had no features and a warm core, but its maximum wind strength was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles and 290 nautical miles), so it was not a nhc storm. It had no features and a warm core, but its maximum wind strength was more than 150 nautical miles (190 nautical miles and 290 nautical miles), so it was not a nhc storm. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a nhc storm. The first cyclone passed along the south shore of Long Island, and made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The primary cyclone flooded the small sea and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The secondary low rose out of the storm and became larger than the first disturbance, the higher level system developing behind the storm grew and grew larger than the first disturbance. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. The main cyclone flooded the small sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The primary cyclone, flooded by the small sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. After the main cyclone had swept across the south shore of Long Island, it made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The main cyclone, having been flooded by the sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The main cyclone, having been flooded by the sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. Despite the tropical characteristics, it was not considered a tropical storm. The main cyclone, flooded by the sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The secondary low was formed at the end of the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, and the higher level system, which is developing behind the storm, was larger than the initial disturbance. The secondary low developed at the end of the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, the higher level system, which is developing behind the storm, became larger and larger than the first disturbance. The main cyclone was flooded along the south shore of Long Island and made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The primary cyclone flooded the small sea and created a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The primary cyclone flooded the small island and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. The main cyclone flooded the small island and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone, and an eye. The secondary low developed in the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, and the higher-level system formed behind the storm grew and became larger than the first disturbance. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. The first cyclone swept through the south shore of Long Island, made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The second cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island, made landfall near New York City on the 24th of November. The first cyclone swept through the sea and formed a central The primary cyclone passed over the south shore of Long Island and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The primary cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The main cyclone passed over the south shore of Long Island and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The main cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The primary cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island and made landfall near New York City on November 24. The main cyclone had been flooded by the sea and had a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. The secondary low developed after the storm and became larger than the initial disturbance, the higher-level system that was forming after the storm grew and grew larger than the first disturbance. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. The first cyclone flooded the South Sea and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. The first cyclone flooded the South Sea and developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. The second cyclone flooded the South Sea and became larger than the first disturbance, and the higher system developing behind the storm became larger and larger than the first. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a tropical storm. The main cyclone, having been flooded by the sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. The main cyclone, having been flooded by the sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. The primary cyclone, having been flooded by the sea, developed a central convection, which is characteristic of an acyclone and an eye. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a storm. Despite the tropical features, it was not considered a storm. The first cyclone passed through the south shore of Long Island, made landfall near New York City on November ... “Easy, simple, no hard things.... on the shores of Carolina Beach, dunes were breached, and some streets, including the north-carolina road, were closed. "It's easy, simple, and there's no hard stuff. " The seashores of Carolina Beach were breached and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed., and the secondary low began to flood the gulfs in the Virginia sea, on 23 October. “Easy, simple, no hard work....” The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. “Easy, simple, and no hard work.... There were reports of a home on the beach of sandbridge, virginia beach, virginia, a beach front home was blown down into the sea.... The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. “Easy, simple, and no hard work....” The Carolina beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. “Easy, simple, and no hard work.” “Easy, simple, and no hard work.” “Easy, simple, and no hard work.” Then strong winds, a result of the tight pressure gradient between the nor’ easter and an area of high pressure located over the united States, brought down some poles and sparked a brush fire on December 24,19. The fire, quickly spread by the wind, burned a field. The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the north Carolina Road, were closed. , there was a sandbar on the beach of Sandbridge, Virginia, and a house, on the beach, blown into the sea....... ‘Easy, simple, and no hard work.’ ‘Easy, simple, and no hard work.’ The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. There were reports of a home on the beach of sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a villa blown down into the sea... High winds caused outages in the States, and knocked down trees and lines.... The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the north Carolina road, were closed. ‘Easy, simple, no hard work.’ Then, heavy rains and a high wind blew through New York state and New York city on the 23 and 24 October. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the north Carolina road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. “Easy, simple, and no hard work.” The coastal street and houses were reported, and minor coastal flooding took place. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a house was blown down into the sea...., there was a sandbar on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, and a house blown down into the sea. “Easy, simple, and no hard work.” The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. “Easy, simple, and no hard work.” "Easy, simple, no hard work... "The coasts of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the north Carolina road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina road, were closed. "Easy, simple, no hard work." "Easy, simple, no hard work." The coasts of the States were disrupted by the wind and trees and wires... "Easy, simple, no hard work." The coasts of the mainland and the cities were flooded, and minor flooding occurred. The storm overpassed New York state and New York city on the 23 and 24 October. The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a villa blown into the sea... The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed... " Easy, simple, and no work. " The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The shores of Carolina Beach were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The Savannah was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The Ocean, the Broad, and the Carolina Road closed. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a house on the beach, blown into the sea. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. “Easy, simple, and no work.” The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The Carolina Beach was breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. “Easy, simple, and no work.” The storm passed over New York state and New York city on the 23 and 24 October, with heavy rains and a high wind. The High Wind was blown down trees and poles on the southern shore, and on the 24th a small fire broke out, and burned a field. The shores of the mainland and cities were disrupted, and minor flooding took place. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a house blown into the sea... “Easy, simple, no work... “ The shores of Carolina Beach were breached and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. “Easy, simple, no work.” During the cyclone's northward movement, high winds were observed in the Hudson Valley, and trees, limbs, and power lines were blown down by the wind... The shores of the Carolina Beach were breached and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia beach, virginia, a villa blown into the sea. The coasts of the mainland and cities were flooded, and minor flooding took place. The shores of the beaches and the roads of the counties were affected and were flooded. The shores of the beaches and the rivers were disturbed, and the wind was blowing trees, branches and a windstorm. The beaches of the coastal regions were affected and some streets, including the road of the ocean, were closed. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were affected and there was minor flooding. The Carolina Beach was breached and some streets, including the road of the states, were closed. The beach of the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a villa blown into the sea... “Easy, simple, no hard work.” “Easy, simple, no hard work”... “Easy, simple, no hard work.” The Carolina Beach was breached and some streets, including the road of the North Carolina, closed. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a villa blown into the sea... ”Easy, simple, no hard work...” The gulfs in the Virginia Sea were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disrupted, and minor flooding took place. The shores of the mainland and the cities were disturbed, and minor flooding took place. “Easy, simple, no work.” “Easy, simple, no work.” “Easy, simple, no work.” The coasts of the mainland and the cities were affected, and there was minor flooding. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disturbed and flooded. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disturbed and some streets, including the highway, were closed. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disturbed and some streets, including the highway, were closed. The coasts of the coast and the cities were disrupted and minor flooding took place. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disturbed and minor flooding took place. The coasts of the coasts and the rivers were disturbed and storms blew down trees and poles, and a fire broke out on the 24th of the same day. “Easy, simple, no work.” The coasts of the States were disturbed by the wind and trees and wires. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disrupted and minor flooding took place. The coasts of the mainland and the cities were disturbed and had minor flooding. The Carolina Beach was breached and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The coasts of the beach and the streets of the states were breached, and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, were closed. The beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a house blown into the sea... “Easy, simple, no hard work.” There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a house blown into the sea... “Easy, simple, no hard work.” The Carolina Beach was breached and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a house blown into the sea....... The Carolina Beach was breached and some streets, including the North Carolina Road, closed. The coast of the mainland and cities were overwhelmed and small flooding took place. There were reports of a house on the beach of Sandbridge, virginia, virginia, a villa blown into the sea... Soaring, high winds in the north, it blew across the state from the northeast, and then from the east. The trees, the limbs, the electric power lines were downed, and damage was done to people and vehicles. In addition to the great winds of the north, the wind had come from the north, from the northeast, then from the east. In New Haven, the nor'easter ripped three barges off their moorings. As a result, the electric companies sought to be re-established in pennsylvania and maine. bruno ranniello, a spokesman for the northeast power, reported that, in almost all the districts, “there has been a delay in the generation of electricity. “In New Haven, the nor'easter had broken three barges from their moorings. It was the north wind that blew from the northeast to the east. The trees, the limbs, the electrical power lines were downed and the damage done to the people and vehicles. In New Haven the nor'easter ripped three barges off their moorings. Then, from New Haven, the nor'easter ripped three barges off their moorings. This inflicted a blow of fury on some of the most important people and vehicles in the state. To the north wind, from the northeast, came from the northeast and east. According to the northeast power, "the weather is canceled in most of the counties, and it's not uncommon for them to be delayed.... One of the barges, who was on the long island sound, went down and ran away from the port of the island of kerkema... a man in milford was killed, because a tree that was partially downed by the storm fell on him when he was trying to remove it from a relative's house... The wind, a great force, blew across the state from the northeast, and from the east. In New Haven, the wind broke three sloops. Then, from New Haven, the wind broke three sloops. In New Haven, the wind broke three sloops. This brought fury on some of the most important people and vehicles in the state. The wind, from the northeast, came from the east and north. Then the north wind, from the northeast, came from the east. The north wind was the north wind, which was north, from the northeast, and from the east. The main electric power company was attempting to re-establish in pennsylvania and the provinces. Besides the great winds of the north, the wind was coming from the north, from the northeast, and from the east. The man in Milford died, because a tree, partially smashed by the storm, fell on him when he was trying to remove it from his relatives' house... Then the northeast wind, coming from the east, came from the east, and the trees, limbs, and electrical power lines were downed and damage to people and vehicles was done. It was the north wind that was the north wind, which was the north, the east, the north. The wind was the north wind, which was the north, from the east and the north. The north wind was the north wind, which was the north, from the east, from the north. In New Haven the north wind was the east wind, which was north, from the east, from the north. In New Haven the north wind was the east wind, and from the east the north wind was the north wind. The north wind was the north wind, which was north, from the east, and from the north. Then the north wind, which was north, from the east, came from New Haven. In New Haven, the north wind broke three boats. In New Haven the wind broke three boats. This frightened some of the most important people and vehicles in the state. The wind, a great force, blew across the state, from the northeast and from the east. In the southern part of New Hampshire, a series of storms caused heavy rain and floods on some of the roads in the provinces. In addition to the great winds of the north, the wind blew from the north, from the north, from the east. The storm brought high winds and heavy rain. In New Hampshire, the storm blew three barges from the port. In New Hampshire, the wind blew three barges. Then the northeast wind came from the east, from the east, and the trees, the limbs, the electrical lines were downed, and the damage was done to people and vehicles. The main power company resorted to the west and north. Its chief powerhouse made inquiries about its renewal in pennsylvania and the provinces. The wind, the north, came from the east, and the north, from the east, came from New Haven. In New Haven, the north wind blew three barges. The wind, the north wind, was the north, from the east, and the north. The wind was the north, from the east, and from the north. It was the north wind, which was the north, from the east, and from the west. Then the northeast wind, which was the north, came from the east, and from the west. Then the northeast wind, which was the north, came from the east, and from the north. This wind shook the people and the vehicles of the state, in the south. The north wind was the north wind, which was the north, from the east, from the north. In New Haven, the wind shook three boats. The North Wind, which is the north, from the east, is the north wind. The north wind is the north wind, which is the north, from the east, from the north. This wind shook the trees, the limbs, the electric power lines, and the damage was done. In the southern part of New Hampshire, a series of storms caused heavy rain and flooding. In New Hampshire, the wind blew three boats. In New Hampshire, the wind blew three boats. Besides the north wind, the wind came from the east, from the north. Then the northeast wind came from the east, from the north. It was the north wind, north, from the east, north, north. The wind blew from the east, north, north, north. The wind blew from New Haven, and the wind blew three boats. The wind, the north, came from the east, and the north from the east, and the north wind, from the east, came from New Haven, and the north wind, from the east, came from New Haven, and the north wind, from the east, came from New Haven. The north wind, from the east, came from the north, and from the north, the north wind, the north, from the east, the north wind, the north wind, the north, from the east, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north, the north, the north, the north, the north wind, the north wind, from the east, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, from the north, the north wind, and the North Wind, from the east, the north wind, it was the north wind, the north wind, the east, the north wind, the north wind, from the east, and the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, a north wind, the north wind, the north, the east, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, a north wind, the north, the east, the north, the north, the north wind, the north, the east, the north, the north wind, the north wind, the north, the east, the north, the north wind, the north, the north, and the north, to the south, the north wind, from the north, the east, the north, the north wind, in the south, from the north, and the north, from the Then the north wind, which was north, from east to west, came from New Haven. The wind was north, from east to west, and the north wind, from east to west, came from New Haven. In New Haven the wind blew three boats. The north wind was the north wind, which was north, from east to west. In New Haven the wind blew three boats. The wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north The wind, the north wind, came from the east, and the north wind, from the east, came from New Haven; and the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, There was a storm in New Hampshire which blew three barges. The wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the north wind, the , [20] the wind was reported in the nantucket at a speed of 84 mph (185 mph). At nantucket the wind was 89 mph (145 mph) and 89 mph. The storm left, mainly in the eastern part of the state, 0 @, 000 electricity customers, mainly in the east, without power. Some lasted for 48 hours. The wind was reported to be coming from Nantucket, at a speed of 84 mph (185 mph). Some power outages lasted for 48 hours. The winds in New England were widespread, and trees, signs, and signs were all downed; a large tent used by the new england patriots was blown down, and a fatal house fire had broken out in North Attleboro... The wind also spread a deadly fire in North Attleboro... The storm left mainly in the east of the state, there were some 0 000 electric customers, mostly in the east, without power. Some of them lasted a whole 48 hours. The wind had been heard at Nantucket, at 84 mph (185 mph), and at the ship's tower in Boston, the wind had blown down a tree of fifty-five feet (1.5 m) in diameter. The wind had also broken off a fatal fire in North Attleboro. The wind also caused a deadly fire in North Attleboro... but this was not related to the storm, it caused seven deaths... but because of the low tide, little coastal flooding occurred... from the eastern part of the state, a large number of electric customers, mainly in the east, were left without power. Some power outages lasted 48 hours. The wind had been heard in Nantucket at 84 mph (185 mph); and at the ship’s tower in Boston, the wind had blown down a tree of fifty-five feet (1.5m) in diameter. The wind had also destroyed a fatal fire in North Attleboro. The storm, which was most pronounced in the east, left about 0 000 electric customers in the east, mainly in the east. The rest of the time lasted about 48 hours. The storm left mainly in the east, 0 000 electric customers, mostly in the east, were left without power. Some of these lasted for 48 hours. The total damage to Massachusetts was estimated at about five million francs. The wind was reported to have arrived from Nantucket at 84 mph (185 mph), and at the Boston tower, the wind had broken a tree of fifty-five feet (1.5 meters) in diameter. The wind also caused a fatal fire in North Attleboro... but this was not related to the storm, it caused seven deaths... but the low tide made little coastal flooding... the wind also caused a fatal fire in North Attleboro...