 He was called 'Shilay' in his native language, 'The Last Generation'. It was a 1975 hindi film by Ramesh sippy and made by his father, G. P. Sippy... It was the film of Ramesh sippy, a movie from 1975. It was made by G. P. Sippy, the father of G. P. Sippy. He called it Shilay in the Tamil language, ‘The Last Generation’. The film was directed by Ramesh sippy himself and directed by G. P. Sippy. It is a story about two rogues, veeru and jai (Dharmendra and amitabh bachchan) engaged by a retired officer, sanjeev kumar, to arrest the wicked and ruthless Mr. Gabbar Singh (Amjad Khan). They play the love interest of veeru and jai. It was a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy in 1975, and it was directed by G. P. Sippy. It was a film by Ramesh Sippy, who was the father of G. P. Sippy. It was a hindi film of Ramesh Sippy, made by his father, G. P. Sippy, and he called it Shilay in the Tamil language as "the last generation". The film was shot in the rocky ramanagaras of southern Karnataka in the year 2002. And in the second place it was Ramesh Sippy, who was the father of G. P. Sippy. Ramesh Sippy’s ‘Shilay’ in the Tamil language is called ‘The Last Generation’. It was a hindi film of Ramesh Sippy, a hindi film made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. It was made by Ramesh Sippy, the father of G. P. Sippy. The film was made in the Sandals of the Karnataka. It was made by Ramesh Sippy himself and directed by G. P. Sippy. It was a hindi film of Ramesh Sippy in 1975 and was directed by G. P. Sippy. It was a hindi film made by Ramesh Sippy himself and produced by G. P. Sippy. At first, it received negative critical acclaim and a tepid commercial response, but favourable word-of-mouth was enough to make it a strong debut. he is a film about two rogues, veeru and jai (Dharmendra and Amitabh Bachchan) on the paws of a ruthless and dishonourable general, sanjeevkumar, who is trying to stop the bad guy Gabbar Singh (Amjad Khan), who is in love with veeru and jai. This is the story of Ramesh Sippy, the father of G. P. Sippy. It is the hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, the hindi film made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, a film made by G. P. Sippy, the father of G. P. Sippy, and it is called 'Shilay' in Tamil. Ramesh Sippy is a hindi film, produced by G. P. Sippy, and he calls it 'Shilay' in Tamil. It is Ramesh Sippy’s “Shilay” in Tamil. Ramesh Sippy’s ‘Shilay’ in Tamil is called ‘the last generation’. This is Ramesh Sippy’s ‘Shilay’ in Tamil,’ he says, ‘the last generation’. It is Ramesh Sippy’s ‘Shilay’ in Tamil, and Ramesh Sippy’s ‘Shilay’ in Tamil is called ‘the last generation’. The film was a hindi film made by Ramesh Sippy, and was directed by G. P. Sippy. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, which was made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, which was made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. It is the story of two rogues, veeru and jai (Dharmendra and Amitabh Bachchan) who are in the grip of a ruthless and dishonorable general, sanjeevkumar, who is trying to catch the rascal and the dishonorable Gabbar Singh, who is in love with veeru and jai. Ramesh Sippy is a hindi film produced by G. P. Sippy, and it is called Shilay in Tamil. The film is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, which is made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film is called ‘the last generation’. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, and the film is called ‘the last generation’. Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film is called ‘the last generation’. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, made by G. P. Sippy’s father G. P. Sippy. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, a hindi film made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy. Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film is called ‘the last generation’. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy’s father G. P. Sippy. It is a hindi film made by Ramesh Sippy, and is directed by G. P. Sippy. The film is a hindi film, made by Ramesh Sippy, a hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy, and is called ‘the last generation’. Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film is called ‘the last generation’. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, which is directed by G. P. Sippy, and it is called ‘Shilay’ in Tamil. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, hindi film made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy. Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film is called Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy, and it is called Ramesh Sippy in Tamil. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy, and it is called Ramesh Sippy, ‘the last generation’. The hindi film Ramesh Sippy made in 1975, made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy, Ramesh Sippy. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, a film made by G. P. Sippy’s father, G. P. Sippy, who made the film in the sandals of southern Karnataka, in the year 2002. It is a hindi film by Ramesh Sippy, made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy, and it is called Ramesh Sippy in Tamil. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, a film made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy. The film is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, which is made by G. P. Sippy, and it is called Ramesh Sippy in Tamil. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy, and it is called Ramesh Sippy in Tamil. The film is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, which is made by G. P. Sippy, G. P. Sippy. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy. It is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P. Sippy, it is Ramesh Sippy’s hindi film, made by G. P Then he summons a two-and-a-half-year-old cop, the retired sergeant thakur baldev singh (Sanjeevkumar), who have once been caught. He wanted to catch him with a fine of 50, 500.... He tells them to surrender him to him, alive, for a further 20, 500 reward.... ” He will ask them to surrender him to him, alive, and they will receive another twenty-five thousand. “...” Then he calls a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, the retired sergeant thakur baldev singh (Sanjeevkumar), whom he had once caught. The two thieves defeat the robbers sent by gabbar to extort the villagers. They fought fiercely and could not defeat veeru and jai. And the two robbers were captured by the Gabbars to try to rob the village. He avenged them with a fine of 50,500... Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev singh (Sanjeevkumar) whom he had caught once. The two robbers had been sent by a certain Gabbar to rob the village. However, Thakur had a gun in his hand, and did not help the two robbers, but at the same time they were all quite irritated by Thakur's inaction and wanted to abandon the village....., they thought he would surrender to him alive and would receive another twenty-five thousand.... He sent a policeman who was retired sergeant Thakur Baldev-Singh (Sanjeev-kumar), who had once been caught. He wanted to capture him with a fine of fifty,500... He said he would send him back alive for a further twenty-five thousand. He called a two-and-a-half-year-old sergeant, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev-Singh (Sanjeev-kumar), whom he had caught once. But Thakur had a gun in his hand, which didn't help the two robbers, but at the same time they were all quite angry with Thakur's inaction and wanted to flee the village.... The two thieves were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers, and they fought fiercely, but could not conquer the raving veeru and jai. "Thakur explained that he had killed nearly all of his family members and cut off both his arms, which was why he could not use the gun.... And they wanted to surrender to him alive, so that he could receive another twenty-five thousand... And they wanted to surrender him to him alive, for another twenty-five thousand... He then summoned a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), whom he had caught once. He said that he would give him a fine of fifty,500... he said he would give him back his lifelong reward of twenty-five thousand. Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), who had once been captured. But Thakur had a gun in his hand, which did not help the two robbers, but at the same time they were very angry at Thakur’s inaction and wanted to run away.... After the two robbers were caught by the gallows, they fought hard, but could not take out the raving veeru and the raving jai. And finally the battles between the band of the Dacoits and the masked men finally ended in the capture of veeru and basanti. The two robbers were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers, but they were unable to take out the raving jai and the raving veeru and the raving jai. The two robbers were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers, and they fought fiercely and could not take down the raving jai. Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old sergeant, a retired sergeant, Thakur Baldev Singh, whom he had caught once. But Thakur had a gun in his hand and did not help the two robbers, but at the same time they were all quite angry with Thakur's inaction and wanted to flee the village... The two thieves were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers. They fought ferociously but were unable to fight veeru and jai. The two thieves were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers. They fought fiercely but could not win over the raving jai and jai. After the two robbers were captured by the gallows, they fought fiercely, but could not fight off the raving jai and raving jai. Then they called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), whom he had caught once. He told them to surrender him to him alive, for another twenty-five thousand... Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), whom he had caught once. They asked him to surrender alive for a reward of another twenty-five thousand... Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh, who had once been caught. But Thakur had a gun in his hand and did not help the two robbers, but they were all very angry with Thakur and wanted to leave the village... Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old sergeant, a retired sergeant, Thakur Baldev Singh, whom he had caught once. He called a two-and-a-half-year-old sergeant, a retired sergeant, Thakur Baldev Singh, whom he had caught once. He said he would give him fifty,500... He said he would give him back his life-long reward of twenty-five thousand... And then the two robbers were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers. The two robbers were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers. They fought fiercely, but could not get rid of the raving jai and raving jai. Then the gallows captured two robbers, but they could not capture the raving jai and raving jai. The two robbers were captured by the gallows to extort the villagers, and they were fiercely fighting, but could not hold off the raving jai and raving jai., they wanted to surrender to him alive and get another twenty-five thousand. Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), whom he caught once. Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), who he caught once. But Thakur had a gun in his hand and did not help the two robbers, but they were all very angry with Thakur and wanted to flee the village... and he wanted to give him a fine of fifty,500... Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), who he caught once. Then he called a two-and-a-half-year-old policeman, a retired sergeant Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeevkumar), who he caught once. Thakur had a gun in his hand and did not help the two robbers, but all were very angry with Thakur and wanted to leave the village. When he was about to finish the dance, Vivek attacked him and pulled the dacoit out of his trap. Vivek nearly slew Gabbar to death. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the background and recited the promise to make Gabbar alive. Vivek was nearly killed by Gabbar. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the distance and recited a promise to kill Gabbar. Vivek attacked him and pulled the dacoit from his trap. Vivek nearly slew Gabbar. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the background and recited the promise to make Gabbar alive. After the funeral of the deceased, Vivek left for Ramgarh, where he saw basanti on the train. I will come back to you later. “ It was a good day when I saw Samsonov at Ramgarh, where I saw him in a carriage. I was almost killed by Gabbar. Vivek nearly slew Gabbar. He almost killed Gabbar. But as he was about to end his dance, he was attacked and pulled the dacoit out of his trance. Vivek was almost slain by Gabbar. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the distance and recited a promise to kill Gabbar. Samsonov was just a batman, amjad, sangh, slave, ramlaal, satyenkappu as a satyen kappu, a... ” From the tomb of the deceased he went to Ramgarh, where he saw Basanti on the train. I will come back later. I saw Basanti at Ramgarh, where I saw him in the carriage. He almost killed Gabbar. Vivek almost killed Gabbar. But as he was about to finish the dance, he was attacked and he pulled the dacoit out of his trance. When he was about to finish the dance, he was attacked and pulled the dacoit out of his trance. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. It was only a batman, an amjad, a sangh, a slave, a ramlaal, a satyenkappu, a... " My friend was almost killed by Gabbar. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. He nearly killed Gabbar, but he was about to end his dance, and the thakur came up and recited a promise to kill Gabbar. Suddenly a certain thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. I will come back later.... The idea of the movie came from an army officer who decided to hire two former - army men to avenge the murder of his family. - ramesh sippy liked it and hired them to remake it. After the funeral, he went to Ramgarh, where he saw Basanti in a carriage. Vivek almost killed Gabbar, but as he was about to finish the dance, he was attacked and he pulled the dacoit out of his trance. Suddenly a thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. Suddenly a thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. Vivek almost killed Gabbar. Vivek almost killed Gabbar. Suddenly a thakur appeared in the distance and promised to kill Gabbar. Saim had already composed a novel for one month and, by putting together a list of all his friends and acquaintances, he had taken up the task. In a similar vein the author was influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s seven samurai, and was heavily influenced by the conventions of westerns, especially the spaghetti westerns of the old days, such as Once upon a time in the West, 1968, and john sturges’ ‘The Great Seven’ (1960). The author drew much from the conventions of westerns, particularly spaghetti westerns of the old days, such as the legendary tales One and the same (Reason, 1972) and the br>7fuens, which are called Great Sevens, were also influenced by Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai, a narrative that was highly influenced by the western conventions of the westerns, especially the spaghetti westerns of the old days, such as One and the same. sholay also influenced by the westerns of sam peckinpah, such as the wild bunch, and Pat Garrett and Billy, and the Sundance Kid, and george roy-hill's butch and the Sodom-dawn. Moreover, the family of the thakur was compared with the thakur family in One and the same. Saim had already written a novel for a month and, having assembled a list of all his acquaintances, he had been ordered to write it. His character, Gabbar Sneh, was based on the real life of the same name Dacoit, who had treasonously slandered the gwalior towns in the 1950s. In the same vein the author was influenced by Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai and by the conventions of westerns, especially those of the spaghetti westerns, such as One and the same, 1972 and the Sevenfolded Sevens, which are called Great Sevens, were influenced by Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai. Moreover, the character of the thakur was influenced by the villain El Indio (portrayed by Gian Maria Volonte) of sergio leone. The author was very much inspired by the conventions of westerns, particularly by the legends of the original One and the same, the Great Sevens (Reason, 1972), and by the br——evens, which are called Great Sevens, were influenced by Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai. Besides, the family of the thakur was compared with the family of the thakur in One and the same. Saim had already composed a novel for a month, and he had already assembled a list of all his friends and acquaintances to write it. In a similar vein the author was heavily influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai, and influenced very much by the western conventions, especially the spaghetti westerns of the old days, such as One and the Same, and The Sevenfolded Sevens, were influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. His character, Gabbar Sneh, was based on the real life of a man called Dacoit, a treasonous scoundrel who had treasonously deceived the city in the 1950s. Moreover, the family of the thakur was influenced by the villain El Indio (portrayed by Gian Maria Volonte) of St. Petersburg. Saim had written a novel for a month and was given a list of all his friends and acquaintances to write. In a similar vein the author was influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai and the conventions of westerns, especially those of the spaghetti westerns, such as One and the same in 1972, and the sevenfolded sevens, which are called the Great Sevens, were influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. The character of the thakur, Gabbar Sneh, was based on the real life of the same name Dacoit, who had ruffled the streets of gwalior in the 1950s. Saim had already written a novel and had already assembled a list of all his friends and acquaintances to write it. In a similar way the author was greatly influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai and by the western conventions, especially those of spaghetti westerns, such as One and the same, 1972 and the Sevenfolded Sevens, which are called The Sevenfolded Sevens, were influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. The author was greatly influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai and the western conventions of the westerns, especially those of spaghetti westerns, such as One and the Same, and the Sevenfolded Sevens, which are called Great Sevens, were influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. Moreover, the family of the thakur was influenced by the villain El Indio (portrayed by Gian Maria Volonte) of St. Petersburg. The character of the thakur, Gabbar Sneh, was based on the real life of a man called Dacoit, a rogue rogue who had treasonously deceived the city in the 1950s. The character of the thakur was influenced by the life of a rascal called Dacoit, who in the 1950s had a reputation for treachery in the streets of gwalior. In the same vein the author was influenced by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai, and by the western conventions, especially the spaghetti westerns of the past, such as One and the same, and the Sevenfolded Sevens, which are called Great Sevens, by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. The author was also influenced by the legends of the original One and the same, namely, “One and the same” (Reason, 1972) and by the sevenfolded Sevens, which are called “Great Sevens”, by Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai. And the obituaries are given in various numbers..., and the written word is for ‘chambal’... It’s an account of the exploits of the chambal dacoits.... and the cast members were very interested in playing the different roles...’ And the tickets are in various numbers, and the word "chambal" is written. It is a story of the exploits of the chambal dacoits... The chambals are exploited in various roles... dharmendra himself was in love with the thakur role. Sonia also preferred Sajid to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru, and that he would play hema malini with dharmendra... It is a story about the exploits of the chambals... The chambals are exploited in various roles... And the obituaries are given in different numbers... and the written word is chambal... The four leads of the film were involved in the romance...’ dharmendra was in love with the thakur role. She too preferred Sajid to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and he would play hema malini with dharmendra... dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... The tickets are in various numbers, and the word "chambal" is written. It is a story of the exploits of the chambals... The chambals are exploited in different roles... The four principals of the film were involved in the drama... dharmendra himself loved the thakur role. Dharmendra himself was in love with the thakur role. She also preferred Sonia to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and he would play hema malini... dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... and the four leads of the film were involved in the romance...’ Dharmendra himself loved the thakur role. She too preferred Sajid to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and he would play hema malini with dharmendra... dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... and the four leads of the film were engaged in the romance... And the tickets are given in different numbers and the word chambal is written. And the four leads of the film are engaged in the drama... Dharmendra himself loved the thakur role. She too preferred Sajid to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and that he would play hema malini... Dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... And the four leads of the film were involved in the drama... dharmendra himself loved the thakur role., the fourth leads of the film were involved in the drama... dharmendra himself was in love with the thakur role. She also preferred Sonia to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and he would play hema malini... dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... and the four leads of the film were involved in the romance... It is a story of the exploits of chambals... The chambals are exploited in various roles... And the number of the film is chambal... The four leads in the film are involved in the drama... Dharmendra himself was in love with the thakur role. Sonia also preferred Sajid to the role of thakur, but Sajid said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and he would play hema malini... Dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... and the four leads of the film were involved in the drama... dharmendra himself loved the thakur role. The actor ramyyedekar had an entire city built on the site... And the obituaries were given in different numbers and the written word chambal... And the four leads of the film were engaged in the drama... dharmendra himself loved the thakur role., the four leaders of the film were involved in the drama... dharmendra himself loved the thakur role. He also preferred Sonia to the role of thakur, but he said that Sanjeev Kumar would play veeru and he would play hema malini... dharmendra knew that Kulkarni was also interested in malini... And the four leads of the film were engaged in the drama... dharmendra himself loved the thakur role. I have an adventure. In the movie they call it “Tomboy”. Dharmendra himself loves the role of thakur. Sonia also prefers thakur to thakur, but sajid says that Sanjeev Kumar plays veeru and he plays hema malini, dharmendra also knows that Kulkarni is also interested in malini, and the four characters of the film are involved in the drama. And the number of the movie is chambal, the four characters of the film are involved in the drama, dharmendra himself loves thakur. She prefers sajid to thakur, but sajid says that Sanjeev Kumar plays veeru and he plays hema malini... dharmendra knows that Kulkarni is also interested in malini... and the four characters of the film are involved in the drama... Dharmendra himself loves thakur. Dharmendra himself loves the thakur role. It is a story about the exploits of the chambals... The chambals are exploited in various roles... And the obituaries are given in different numbers... and the word chambal is written... And the four characters of the film are engaged in the drama... dharmendra himself loves the thakur role. He also prefers Sanjeev Kumar to the role of thakur, but sajid says that Sanjeev Kumar will play veeru and he will play hema malini... dharmendra knows that Kulkarni is also interested in malini... And the four characters of the film are engaged in the drama... dharmendra himself loves the thakur role. The film was shot on the third of October 1973 in the presence of bachchan and bhaduri... It was a lavish film of the time (with lavish meals and parties for the cast) and took two and a half years to complete. The plot, ‘Yeh-di-sima’, a five-minute song and dance, took 21 days to shoot. Two scenes with radha lighting lamps took 20 days, because of the lighting problem, and the shooting of the scene of gandha killing the Imam ’s son took 19 days. The drama took place in the mother-in-law’s family in Munnar, a town near panvel. It was an expensive production. The lavish meals and evenings were lavish and took about two and a half years. “Young man,” which was shot on the third of October 1973, in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri, were made. The film was made in the house of the mother-in-law of Munnar, a city near Panvel. The story of ‘Young Man’ was shot on the third of October 1973, in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri. It was a lavish production (featuring lavish meals and parties for the cast) and took about two and a half years. It was a performance of an exquisite period (high meals and parties for the cast), and took two and a half years to complete. The film was shot on the third of October 1973 in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri... It was a lavish production, with lavish dinners and parties for the cast, and it took two and a half years to complete. The original sholay film was the first indian film to use the 70 mm widescreen, however, since it had a fancy telecine at the time, the film was shot on a traditional 35 mm film, and the four : three shot was then transformed into a 2 : 1 frame... The film was made in the house of the mother-in-law of Munnar, a town near Panvel. The story of the Young Man was shot on the third of October 1973 in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri. It was a grand production, lavish meals and parties for the cast, and it took about two and a half years. The sholay film was the first Indian film to use the 70-mm format. However, since it was produced by a fancy telecine, the film was shot on a 35-mm film, and the four-four image was turned into a 2: 1 frame. It was an exquisite performance (it took two and a half years to finish). The film was shot in the house of the mother-in-law of Munnar, near Panvel. The film was shot in the house of the mother-in-law of the village of Munnar, near Panvel. The film was shot in the house of the mother-in-law of the village of the deceased. It was a lavish production, with lavish meals and parties for the cast, and took two and a half years., the story of the "Young Man" was shot on the third of October 1973 in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri. It was a lavish performance, lavish dinners and parties for the cast, and it took two and a half years to complete. The sholay film was the first in India to use the 70-mm format. But as it was filmed by a fancy telecine, it was shot on a 35-mm film and then the four-four image was converted into a 2:1 frame. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of Munnar, near Panvel. The movie was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased’s mother. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s mother-in-law’s village in Munnar, near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased’s mother. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s mother-in-law’s village, near Panvel. The story of the young man, filmed in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri, was a grand performance, an extravagant dinner party for the cast, and took two and a half years to finish. This is an exquisite performance, and it took two and a half years. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s mother-in-law’s house near Panvel. The film’s opening scene, which the director’s action depicts as the “gandha” murders and the “gandha” killing the imam’s son, were excluded from the original film by thecensors as well as from the scene where the Imam’s family is massacred. The scenes of “Young Man”—a scene that was shot on the third of October 1973 in the presence of Brahma and Bhaduri—came out. The film was filmed in the house of the mother-in-law of Munnar, near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased’s mother-in-law, and the story was filmed in the mother-in-law’s village, near Panvel. The first Indian film to use the 70-mm format was the first in India to use the sloppy film, but since it was filmed by a fancy film maker, it was shot on a 35-mm film and then turned it into a two-four-frame frame. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased’s mother. It was a grand production, a grand dinner party for the cast, and it took two and a half years. The director’s action in the production of the ‘gandha’ murder and the ‘gandha’ murder of the Imam’s son, was omitted from the original film, as well as from the “gandha’s son” massacre. It was an exquisite performance and took two and a half years to complete. The film was shot in the house of the mother-in-law of the deceased. It was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased’s mother. It was an exquisite performance, and it took two and a half years to complete. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased mother. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased mother. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased mother, and it was shot in the mother-in-law’s village, near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s mother-in-law’s house near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased mother, the mother-in-law of the deceased, the film was shot in the mother-in-law’s village near Panvel. It was a very lavish production, with lavish meals and parties for the cast, and it took about two and a half years to finish. The film was shot in the mother-in-law of the deceased mother-in-law, and it was shot in the mother-in-law’s house near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s house near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s house near Panvel. The film was shot in the mother-in-law’s village near Panvel. The young man’s story The theatrical version was the only one that was seen by the public for fifteen years. The original version of the film came out in a british edition on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was published in the british edition in 1990. Eros International has released two versions of the film on dvd since then. The original theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored theatrical production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. It has several themes in it, such as the glorification of violence, the conformity of the feudal ethos, the debate between social order and mobilised usurpers, the homosocial bond, and the role of the film as a national allegory. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. Eros International has since released two theatrical productions of the film. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. The original theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. It has a number of themes, including the glorification of violence, the conformity of the feudal ethos, the dialogue between social order and usurpers, the homosocial bond, and the role of the film as a national allegory. According to the filmmaker koushik banerjea, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, he says that sholay has a sympathetic construction of “rogue” masculinity, exemplified by the likeable outlaws jai and veeru. Banerjea argues that in the film, the moral boundary between law and crime becomes more and more brittle. The original theatrical production was published in a british edition in 1990. The original theatrical production was published on a british edition in 1990. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. The original theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. It contains several themes, including violence, conformity to the feudal ethos, the debate between social order and usurpers, the homosocial bond, and the role of the film as a national allegory. According to the filmmaker koushik banerjea, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, he says that the film portrays a sympathetic model of rogueship by employing the characters of the likeable petty-boys Jai and Veeru. Banerjea says that in the film the moral boundaries between law and crime become increasingly blurred. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. It has a number of themes, including violence, conformity of the feudal ethos, a dialogue between social order and escaped usurpers, and the role of the film as a national allegory. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. Eros International has released two theatrical productions of the film. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. It contains several themes, including violence, conformity to the feudal ethos, the dialogue between social order and usurpers, the homosocial bond, and the role of the film as a national allegory. According to the writer, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, the film portrays the 'rogue' character, depicted by the likeable Jai and Veeru. According to him, in the film, the moral distinction between law and crime becomes increasingly blurred. The original theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The censored production was a full length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full length production of 198 minutes. The censored production was a full length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full length production of 198 minutes. The censored production was a full length production of 198 minutes. According to the film’s critic, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, he says that the film depicts a sympathetic construction of rogue malevolence in the character of the petty outlaws Jai and Veeru. The film’s antagonist, Gabbar Singh, was received well by the public despite his dehumanizing, sadistic cruelty. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The original theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. It contains several themes, such as violence, conformity of the feudal ethos, dialogue between social order and usurpers, and the role of the film as a national allegory. The original production was published in a british edition in 1990. The original production was published in a british edition in 1990. The original production was published on a british edition in 1990. The censored production was a full length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full length production of 204 minutes. According to the critic of the film, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, he says that the film depicts the petty characters of the petty jai and Veeru. He says that the morality of the law and the crime becomes more and more blurred in the film. According to the film critic koushik banerjee, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, the film depicts the sympathetic malevolence of the petty Jai and Veeru. According to him, the morality of the law and the crime becomes more and more blurred. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 198 minutes. According to the critic, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, the film portrays the "rogue" character of the petty youth Jai and Veeru. According to him, the moral distance between law and crime becomes more and more brittle. According to the film critic, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, the film portrays a sympathetic man's masculinity, depicted by the likes of Jai and Veeru. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored film was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The film was filmed on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. The first theatrical production was released on VHS in 1990. According to the film critic, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, the film depicts the "rogue" Jai and Veeru. According to him, the moral distinction between law and crime is getting more and more blurred in the film. According to the writer, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, the film depicts the "rogue" malevolence of the petty Jai and Veeru. According to him, the moral division between law and crime is becoming more and more blurred. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. According to the film critic, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, the film portrays the petty Jai and Veeru. According to him, the moral division between law and crime is becoming more and more blurred. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes. According to the sociologist, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, the film portrays the sympathetic malevolence of the petty Jai and Veeru. According to him, the moral division between law and crime is becoming more and more blurred. According to the sociologist, a sociologist from the London School of Economics, the film depicts the sympathetic malevolence of the petty Jai and Veeru. The censored production was a full-length production of 204 minutes – just as if in the game of an allegory. It lacks a sort of satisfying logical narrative, it shows that the stable nature of society is constantly challenged, and it illustrates the devaluation of human life by lack of emotion... In the aggregate, all these elements are a depiction of India. I have already said that this story is incomplete. It lacks a coherent narrative, it shows that the system of order is constantly challenged, it illustrates the devaluation of human life by lack of emotion... All this in its entirety forms the political depiction of India. As a matter of fact, the story of sholay is often compared by scholars with the political turmoil in India at the time of its release. There is a time when this tension culminated in the calamity (rule of law) of prime minister samurai in 1975. Moreover, the story of Sholay is often compared by scholars with the political turmoil in India at the time it was released. Its tension culminated in the calamity of prime minister samurai in 1975. He also says that the movie lacks a meaningful logical narrative, he shows that the stable nature of society is continually challenged, and he shows that people are devalued by lack of emotion... All this is the political portrayal of India. Maithilirao - in the encyclopedia of hindi cinema, he says that the western genre is enriched by "tortuous ethos". ", as if playing a game of allegory. As an example, william van der heide has compared a massacre in sholay with a similar scene in a Western movie - although they are similar in technical style, the sholay style emphasises indian family values and melodramatic tradition, and the western style is more materialistic and restrained. He says, “This is a not so well-written story, it shows that the orderly nature of society is constantly challenged, and that the devaluation of human life is attributable to lack of emotion. In short, it’s all a political picture of India. The premise is that it is a political picture of India. It lacks a clear logical narrative, it shows that the society is constantly challenged, and it shows that the human nature is devalued by lack of emotion.” The adage in the Hindu Encyclopedia says that the western genre is enriched by “the ethos of treacherous ethos.” It was a literary and literary satire. But it was the exact opposite, for in the end it culminated in the calamity (rule of law) of Prime Minister Samurai in 1975. In this respect, the story of Sholay is often compared with the political scene in India at the time of its release. It was the calamity of Prime Minister Samurai in 1975. I have already said that this story is incomplete; it lacks a complete logical narrative, it shows that the order is continually challenged, and it illustrates the devaluation of human life by lack of emotion... In addition, the story of Sholay is often compared by scholars with the political scene in India during its release. It was a tension that culminated in the death of Prime Minister Samurai in 1975. At the same time, the calamity of Prime Minister Samurai in 1975. According to william van der heide, a slaying scene in Sholay is compared to a scene in a western movie – though they are similar in technical style, the slaying style stresses indian family values and melodramatic tradition, while the western style is more materialistic and strict. Yes, this is a political story about India, and that's why it is so famous. In addition, the story of Sholay is often compared with the political scene in India when it was released. In this way, it is a political story about India. In this way, it is a political story about India. It is also an example of the sad story of Sholay in the Hindu Encyclopedia, which says that the western genre is enriched by "tortuous ethos"; in a word, it is a political story about India. I have already said that this story is incomplete, it does not have a logical narrative, it shows that the order is constantly challenged, it shows that the life is devalued by lack of emotion. In addition, the story of Sholay is often compared with the political scene in India at the time it was released. It was the calamity of Prime Minister Samurai in 1975. He said: "This story is not very well written, it shows that the orderly nature of society is constantly challenged, and that the devaluation of people is caused by lack of emotion. In short, it is a political picture of India. " In the encyclopedia of hindi movies, he said that the western genre is enriched by "tortuous ethos"., it was a satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical. He said: "This story is not very well written, it shows that the orderly nature of society is constantly challenged, and that the human life is devalued by lack of emotion." And it is the political picture of India. Yes, it is the political picture of India. This is an example of the sad story of Sholay in the Hindu Encyclopedia. He said that the western genre is enriched by the ethos of treacherous ethos, and he said that the ethos of the orthodox kind is continually challenged and the ethos of the orthodox kind is degraded by lack of emotion. It is the political picture of India. In this sense, the story of Sholay is often compared with the political scene in India when it was released. In this sense, it is the political picture of India. In the Hindu Encyclopedia, the western genre is enriched by "the ethos of treacherous ethos", as a literary and satirical satirical satirical. The death of the king and the break-up of the two people are necessary for the establishment of a normal, correct relationship between two men (see ve)., it is the satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical satirical. Then, in the Hindu Encyclopedia, it says that the western genre is enriched by "tortuous ethos". In that sense, it is a political portrayal of India. I have already said that this story is incomplete, it lacks a coherent narrative, it shows that the order is constantly challenged, and it shows that human life is devalued by lack of emotion. In addition, the story of Sholay is often compared with the political scene in India when it was released. And it was the calamity of Prime Minister Samurai in 1975. The sad story of Sholay in the Hindu Encyclopedia says that the western genre is enriched by “tortuous ethos.” In this regard, the story of Sholay is often compared with the political scene in India when it was released. In this way, the story of Sholay is compared with the political scene in India at the time. According to William van der Heide, the slaughter of Sholay is compared with the same scene in a western movie: although they are both technically similar, the slaughtering emphasizes indian family r. d. r. d. ” The songs in the film and those that were released on the original soundtrack are listed below. Burman composed the soundtrack for the film, and the lyrics were written by Anandbakshi. ...” The film’s original soundtrack was composed by Burman, and the lyrics were written by Anandbakshi.... The cover of the album depicts an emotional scene in the film in which Bajie sings and dances on the “Ha jab tak hai jaan” in the burning sun, to save veeru’s life... ‘The songs in the film and those that are in the original soundtrack are listed below. The film’s original soundtrack was composed by Burman and the lyrics by Anandbakshi... Burman composed the soundtrack and the lyrics were composed by Anandbakshi.’ The cover of the album depicts an emotional scene in the film in which a Bajie sings and dances on the “Jab tak hai jaan” in the burning sun to save veeru’s life. Burman composed the soundtrack for the film and the lyrics were written by Anandbakshi. “My Friend is Me,” a song in which numerous songs are given away on Bollywood compilations is based on the song “You love me,” by the greek singer demis roussos... “Ah-ha-ha!” "My friend is me", a song in which numerous songs are given out on the compilations of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. "Ah ha ha!" he cried, "The music in the film and the lyrics in the original soundtrack are listed. The soundtrack for the film is composed by Burman and the lyrics by Anandbakshi. " he sung it in 2005 by the kronos quartet for their grammy nominated album, "you have stolen my heart"; and it was remixed and sung by himeshreshmiya in his debut, Aapka Surroor.... " It was also sung by the same as it was in the film, 'Yeh Dosti', the first love song of his friend....... It was a re-recording of the original score, by Burman and Anandbakshi... ” The album cover depicts an emotional scene in the film, in which the Bajie sings and dances on the 'Jab tak tak tak tak tak' in the burning sun, to save veeru's life. The music in the film and the lyrics in the original score are listed below. The film's original soundtrack was composed by Burman, and the lyrics by Anandbakshi. The song "My friend is me," in which many songs are given on the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos... The film's original soundtrack was composed by Burman and Anandbakshi... " My friend is me," a song in which many songs are given away on the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos.... Burman composed the music for the film and the lyrics for the film.... " It was also sung by the same two as the song in the film "You are my friend" in the first love song of his friend. & > in the 1999 Kannada film "You are my friend," it was sung by shankar mahadevan and udit narayan for their grammy-nominated album "You have stolen my heart" and then sung by himeshreshmiya in his debut, Aapka Surroor. The songs in the film and the lyrics of the film are listed below. Burman made the soundtrack for the film, Anandbakshi made the lyrics. " "The music in the film and the lyrics in the original score are listed below. The music in the film and the lyrics in the original score are listed below. " The cover of the album depicts an emotional scene in the film, in which a Bajie sings and dances on the Jab Tak Tak Tak Tak in the burning sun, to save veeru's life. " " The cover depicts an emotional scene in the film, in which a Bajie sings and dances on the Jab Tak Tak Tak Tak Tak Tak in the burning sun to save veeru's life. ", the song in the movie is based on the song "My friend is me", in which many songs are given on the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me", by the Greek singer demis roussos. The original song of the film was composed by Burman and Anandbakshi. "My friend is me", in which many songs are given on the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. ".. " It was sung by the same two people as in the movie "You are my friend", in the first love song of my friend..." The cover of the album depicts an emotional scene in the film, where a Bajie sings and dances on the Jab tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak tak t " The songs in the film and the lyrics of the original soundtrack are listed below. The songs in the film and the lyrics of the original soundtrack are listed below. The soundtrack for the film is composed by Burman and Anandbakshi. The lyrics of the film and the original soundtrack are listed below. Burman composed the music and the lyrics of the film. The lyrics of the film and the lyrics of the original soundtrack are listed below. Burman composed the music and Anandbakshi wrote the lyrics. "My friend is me," a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. The song in the movie is based on the song "My friend is me," a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. The song in the movie is based on the song "My friend is me," in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos... - - - - in the movie "My friend is me," a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. It was sung by the same two as in the movie "You are my friend" in the first love song of his friend... -! - - - Ah ha ha! - - - he sung it in the same way as in the movie "You are my friend" in the first love song of his friend... “My friend is me” a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, which is based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos. Burman composed the music and Anandbakshi composed the lyrics. “My friend is me” a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos... In the film “My friend is me” a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos... My friend is me”, in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos... in the film “My friend is me,” in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos. The cover of the album depicts the ecstatic scene in which the Bajie sings and dances in the burning sun, to save the life of the person on the floor. The music in the film and the lyrics of the original soundtrack are listed below. The film’s original soundtrack was composed by Burman and Anandbakshi. “My friend is me,” a song in which many songs are given on the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos. “My friend is me,” a song in which many songs are given on the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song “You love me” by the Greek singer demis roussos. Burman composed the music and Anandbakshi composed the lyrics. There are more songs in the movie and the lyrics of the original song. In the movie'My friend is me', a song which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos... In the film 'My friend is me', a song which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos...'My friend is me', a song which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos.'The music in the film and the lyrics of the original music are listed. The music in the film and the lyrics in the original music are listed. "My friend is me", a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos.'My friend is me', in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, is based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. "My friend is me", a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. In the movie "You are my friend" was sung by the same two people as in the movie "You are my friend" in the first love song of his friend... " My friend is me", a song in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. The song in the film is based on the song "My friend is me", in which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos... " The song in the film is based on the song "My friend is me", which many songs are given in the compilation of Bollywood, based on the song "You love me" by the Greek singer demis roussos. " My friend is me", which many The reviewer olimarlow had the same opinion of the soundtrack in 2013. He said that it was a unique fusion of religious, folk, classical music with influences from all over the world.... He also commented on the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and saying that in the film there was “a lot of really astonishing and accidental music” that was not included in the soundtracks. olimarlow's reviewer said the same thing in 2013. He proclaimed that it was a unique fusion of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and saying that in the film "here is a lot of remarkable and accidental music", which were not in the soundtracks. He said that the soundtrack was “a remarkable fusion of religious, folk, classical music with influences from all over the world”. He said that sholay's set was a model of how sound can be used to evoke the terror of a character. "olimarlow's reviewer also agreed with him in 2013. He said that it was a unique combination of religious, folk, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film "here is some truly surprising and accidental music", which was not in the soundtracks. Besides, he commented on the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and saying that in the film there was "a lot of really surprising and accidental music," which were not in the soundtracks. In fact, he told us that it was a unique fusion of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. He said that sholay's staging was a case of sound that could be used to evoke terror in a character. In addition, he praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and saying that in the film there was "a lot of really surprising and unexpected music" which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow's reviewer agreed with him. He said that it was a unique combination of religious, folk, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film there was "a lot of really surprising and accidental music", which was not in the soundtrack. The director and writer thought for a while and began to consider shooting scenes so that the character of amitabh Bachchan would not die. But business caught up, and they stopped this idea. The reviewer olimarlow had the same opinion of the soundtrack in 2013. He said it was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film there is “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music” which is not in the soundtrack. Moreover, he commented on the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and said that in the film “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music” was not in the soundtrack. He said that the performance of sholay was a case of sound, which could be used to evoke terror in a character, besides, he said that the sound design was psychedelic, and that there was “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow's reviewer agreed with him, saying that it was a unique fusion of religious music, folk music, classical music,... he praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film "there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music", which was not in the soundtrack. “But, indeed, he told us, he claimed that sholay was a unique fusion of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. The reviewer olimarlow shared the same opinion in 2013. He affirmed that it was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. In fact, he said that the set of sholay was a fusion of music that could invoke terror in a character; besides, he praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow’s reviewer agreed with him; he said that it was a unique fusion of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. He said that sholay’s performance was a case of sound that could be used to create terror in a character, besides, he said that the sound design was psychedelic and that there was “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow’s reviewer agreed with him, saying that it was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film there was “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. The reviewer olimarlow agreed with him in 2013. He affirmed that it was a unique fusion of religious music, folk music, classical music... he praised the sound design, called it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music”, which was not in the soundtrack. olimarlow’s reviewer agreed with him in 2013. He said that sholay’s performance was a case of sound, which could be used to arouse terror in the character, and besides, he said that the sound design was psychedelic and that there was “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow’s reviewer agreed with him, saying that it was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... he praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. He said that the sound design was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow’s reviewer agreed with him, saying that it was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and said that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow’s reviewer agreed with him, saying that it was a unique combination of religious music, folk music, classical music,... He praised the sound design, calling it psychedelic, and saying that in the film “there is a lot of really surprising and unexpected music,” which was not in the soundtrack. He said that sholay’s performance was a case of sound that could be used to evoke terror in a character, besides, he said that the sound design was psychedelic and that there was “a lot of really surprising and unexpected music” which was not in the soundtrack. In 2013, olimarlow They were a record which stood for nineteen years, which is also the longest period in which a film has held the record. The first run of 30 million (the estimate was we gave it as about us $ 3, 355, 000 in 1975) made its first release, which was much more than its initial budget, which amounted to nearly double the original budget of 30 million (at that time 30 million,  355, 355 in 1975). It was a record that lasted for nineteen years, which is also the longest period in which a film has remained unbroken. The first run of 30 million (the estimate was that the initial budget was roughly three million roubles or two thousand) was made, which was much more than its first budget, which was nearly three times its original budget (at that time, three million, three thousand, three thousand and fifty), but it was a far greater quantity than its first budget (at the time, thirty million, three thousand and fifty thousand at that time). In 2012, the box office of india estimated amounted to a net of a —___________ million (us $ 44 million) as the adjusted gross, while, in the last edition of the India-Indian film directory, in a recent report on the business of indian cinema, the figure was estimated at a value of __________________. A record that lasted for nineteen years, which is also the longest period in which a film has remained unbroken. The first period of 30 million (as estimate was that the initial period of the budget was three million or two thousand) was released, which was much more than the first period of its budget, which was almost three times its original budget (at the time three million, three thousand, three thousand and fifty), but much more than the initial period (at the time thirty million, three thousand, and fifty thousand). The first period of the thirty million (the estimate was that the initial period was about three million or two thousand) was produced, which was much more than the first period of the thirty million (at the time thirty million, three thousand and fifty thousand) and was much more than the initial amount of the thirty million (at the time thirty million, three thousand and fifty thousand). In 2012, India’s Cinemas Council estimated that the figure for the box office of Rs. 400 million amounted to a net of Rs. 4,000 million (us $ 44 million) while in a recent report on the Indian film industry, the figure for Rs. 400 million was estimated to be about Rs. 4,000 million. The first estimate was for the first three million, or two thousand, in the first run. This was much more than the first two million, which was nearly three times the original budget of Rs. 400 million, but much more than the first two thousand (at that time, three million, three thousand and fifty thousand). The first period of Rs. 4,000 was released, which was much more than the first period of Rs. 4, 5,000 in the first run. It was much more than the first period (at the time, three million, three thousand and fifty thousand) and much more than the first (at the time, thirty million, three thousand and fifty thousand). The first period of Rs. 350,000 was released, which was much more than the first (at the time, 3 million, three thousand and fifty thousand) and was much more than the first (at the time, thirty million, three thousand and fifty thousand). And at first, in the company of the latter, the king's princess remarked, “It was a merry little movie. It was very respectable. It is known that the original version was of a size of three million, and that in the first version it was a figure of three million, or two thousand. The second version was of three million, or two thousand, but much more than the second version of three million, three thousand and fifty thousand. This is a much greater number than the first version (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand). In the first version of the first version, the figure was about three million, or two thousand, a hundred thousand, and much more than the first, at that time three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand). The first version, the three million, the first, was made, and the first, the three million, almost three times the original number (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand) was released, which was much more than the first, at the time three million, three thousand and fifty thousand; it was much more than the first (three thousand, three thousand and fifty thousand) and much more than the first (three thousand, three thousand and fifty thousand). In the year of 2012, the box office of India reported that the amount for the box office of Rs. 400 million (us $ 44), while in a recent report on the Indian film industry, it was estimated to be about Rs. 4,500,000. The first period of 30 million (the estimate was that the first budget was three million or two thousand) was released, and much more than the first (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand), and much more than the first (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand), and much more than the first (at the time, thirty million, three thousand and fifty thousand). In 2012, the Indian cinema ministry estimated that the amount of the box office for the year 2012 was - 44,500, - from which a rough estimate was given, while a recent report on the business of the Indian film industry was - 5,000. This was much more than the first estimate, three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand, and much more than the first estimate, three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand. It was a record that lasted for nineteen years, which is also the longest time when a film has been able to remain unbroken. The first estimate was that the first estimate was three million, or two thousand, and much more than the first estimate, three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand; it was much more than the first estimate, three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand, and much more than the first estimate (three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand). The first estimate was for the first time three million, or two thousand, and in the first it was much more than the first (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand) and much more than the first (three million, three thousand, and fifty thousand); the first period, the first, the first, the second, the three thousand, and the fifty thousand, was much more than the first (three thousand, three thousand, and fifty thousand). The first period, the first, was created, and the first, three million, almost three times the original (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand), was released, and much more than the first (three million, three thousand and fifty thousand), and much more than the first (three thousand, three thousand and fifty thousand); and, in the 2006 edition of the film society, the film society sat on the day of the '35th anniversary,' the 'beauty of the character,' the romantic gestures and the minor characters, were praised; but there were "merciless" moments and "little pieces", which were "for the moment", 'but only for the point,''so, the story is strong and solid, and there are good qualities.' And in the first place, the king's wife remarked: 'The little story is cheerful,' the lady of the court commented, 'at the first time the story was three million, or two thousand, and it was “The notary g... lincoln’s centre described it as “an extraordinary and seamless blend of adventure, comedy, music and dance”; it was “an indisputable classic.” “The writer of a lincoln magazine in 2002 described the film as a “simple” and “slapdash” film; and he said that “the picture alternates between slapdash and melodrama.” - 'The notary G. lincoln's centre spelled out the piece as an extraordinary and seamless blend of adolescence, comedy, music, and dance, and a "remarkable classic." - p. sippy, the New York Times said that Sholay "turned the tide of hindi film and brought true professionalization to indian scripts." - - The notary-g-lincoln's center described the film as a "fortunate and perfect blend of adventure, comedy, music and dance, and was a "remarkable classic." - "The writer of a lincoln magazine in 2002 called it "simple" and "slapdash"; he said that the film alternates between slapdash and melodrama. - p. sippy, the New York Times said that Sholay had "rediscovered the hindi revolution and brought the state of hindi writing back to India." - " The notary G. lincoln's center characterized it as "a remarkable and seamless combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and an indisputable classic." - “The notary’s center characterized it as an extraordinary and seamless combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and it was an irrefutable classic. “The writer of a lincoln magazine in 2002 called it a “simple” and “slapdash” film, and he said that the film alternated between slapdash and melodrama. ” - “The writer of a lincoln magazine in 2002 called it “simple” and “slapdash” and said that “the film alternates between slapdash and melodrama.” The New York Times said that Sholay “reset the hindi revolution and brought the hindi revival back to India.” “The notary g lincoln’s center declared it to be a remarkable and seamless blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and was an indisputable classic.” “The notary G lincoln’s center said that the film was an extraordinary and seamless blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and a “remarkable classic.” “The notary G lincoln’s center declared it a “remarkable and timeless” blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and was a “remarkable classic.” " The notary g. lincoln's center called it a "remarkable" blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and "remarkable classic" - "The notary g. lincoln's center called it a "remarkable" blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - "The writer of a lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "strange" - - - "The writer of a lincoln's center called it "strange" and "strange" - "The writer of a lincoln's centre called it "strange" and said that "strange" and "strange" and - "The notary g lincoln's center called it a remarkable and seamless blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - "The notary g lincoln's center said it was an extraordinary and seamless blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic." The New York Times said that Sholay "reestablished the hindi revolution and brought the state of hindi writing back to India" - "The notary g lincoln's center said it was an extraordinary and seamless blend of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and it was a "remarkable classic. " The notary G lincoln's center characterized it as a remarkable and seamless combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance, and it was an "impeachable classic". " The writer of a lincoln magazine called it "simple" and "slapdash", and he said that the film alternated between slapdash and melodrama." The Notary G. Lincoln's centre said that it was an extraordinary and seamless combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - “The Notary G. Lincoln's centre called it a remarkable and seamless combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - “The notary G. Lincoln's centre called it a "remarkable" combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - - "the notary G. Lincoln's centre called it a "remarkable" combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - - - - - - "the notary G. Lincoln's centre called it a "remarkable" combination of adolescence, comedy, music and dance and a "remarkable classic" - "The notary G. Lincoln's centre called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - - "The notary G. Lincoln's centre called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's centre called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - " The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "the notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "remarkable" - "remarkable" - "remarkable" - "Remarkable" and "remarkable" - "remarkable" - "Remarkable" and "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" - "remarkable" - "The notary G. Lincoln's center called it "remarkable" and "remarkable" What’s more, it’s exactly the same for the characters and the dialogues in the film, people refer to them and have parodied them in their daily language. All the dialogues of gabbar singh (as you are very close to each other ) are referred to and parodied in the popular culture. Isn't that a good thing? Yes, and it is a good thing, because it is a great thing that the people are familiar with the characters and dialogues of the film, and they refer to them and quote them in their own language. The dialogues of Gandhar singh are referred to and remade in every popular culture. This is also true of the characters and dialogues in the film, people refer to them and recite them in their own language. The great film drama Filmfare in 2013 declared Gandhar singh the most iconic villain in the history of indian cinema, and four actors were voted in the "80 legendary performances" for their performance in this film. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you’re very close to each other) are referred to and parodied in every kind of culture. This is the same with the dialogues of the film; people refer to them and quote them in their own language. All the dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you’re so close to each other) are referred to and parodied in the mass culture. All the dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you’re so close to each other) are referred to and parodied in the mass culture. The film often boasts of making amitabh bachchan a ‘superstar’, two years after he became a star with the film ’s zanjeer (which opened in 1973). Even the supporting actors are still remembered in the public imagination as their characters in the drama; for example, macohan is still called Sambha, though he has only one line... And the same thing is true for the characters and dialogues in the film, people have referred to them and recited them in their own language. The dialogues of Gandhar singh are referred to and recited in the mass culture. All the dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are very close) are referred to and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are very close) are referred to and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are very close) are referred to and recited in the mass culture. All dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are referred to and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are very close) are referred to and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close to each other) are referred to and recited in the mass culture. Amjad Khan later acted in many dangerous roles. In 1991 he again played Gandhar singh in the comedy of ramgarh ke sholay and reprised the role in the promotional cartoon. The same thing is true with the dialogues in the film, they are referred to and recited in their own language. The film festival films have declared that Gandhar singh is the most iconic villain in the history of Indian cinema, and that four actors were voted in the '80 legends' contest for his performance in this film. All the dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The movie usually hums in the direction of amitabh bachchan, who, in 1973, became a star of the film 'Nanjing'. This is also true of the dialogues of the film, they are recited in their own language. All the dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are so close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are very close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as you are very close) are recited and recited in the mass culture. Jagdeep, who played Soorma Bhopali in the film, was trying to make a comeback with his sholay success and shady in the film, when he played Soorma Bhopali in the movie. He was a brilliant actor, and he played a dangerous role in the movie, with the title of "Gandhar singh" in the movie, in 1971. He had had the successful sholay of 1977 and his sholay at one time in the series, and had been remembered as a character of the play. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (as a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. All the dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. This is also true of the dialogues in the film, they were recited in their own language. In fact, all the dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. All dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to him) were recited and recited in the mass culture. The dialogues of Gandhar singh (a person very close to you) were recited and recited in the mass culture. This is the same with the dialogues of the film, they are recited in their own language. ... in the world of television and home media, sholay is still widely available and well received. A twenty-year-old sholay was first shown on the Indian national ddb television station, where it got the highest ratings ever for a film. mobile2win released a game called ‘sholay ramgarh’ for mobile phones in 2004 and a number of other sholay-related games and photos. That same year, the film, in the Indian national television station ddb, had its first play in the country, which was given the highest ratings.... In the world of television and film, sholay is still widely available and well received. In the Internet and television, sholay is widely read and well received. A story about the movie'sholay' by wimal dissanayake and malti sahai, 'Sholay, Culture, Culture' - and 'The Color of Loose -' - are also a comprehensive scholarly study of the film. Anupama chopra's sholay: a classic: an introduction to the history of the film. ... In the world of television and film sholay is still very widely known and received. In the world of internet and television, sholay is very well read and well received. Anupama chopra's sholay : A classic of the period: the introduction to the history of the film. In the past twenty years, a version of sholay was shown on the Indian state television, which received the highest ratings for any film. That same year, the film, on the National Board of Broadcasting, had its first broadcast in the country, and was given the highest ratings. It was the first film to be broadcast in India in the early 1960s.. The film was praised by the public, and it was rated the highest in the country. The life of sholay has since grown sunk into popular culture and has been called the greatest hindi film of all time. It is the first film of Anupama Chopra, the iconic film of indian cinema, the reference of which has been studied by the scholars and the industry. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A classic. A brief history of the movie. A twenty-year-old Sholay was first shown on the national television channel ddb and had the highest rating for a film. It was the first film to be broadcast in India in the early 1960s. The film had the highest rating for a film. In the world of television and film sholay is still widely known and received. In the world of internet and television sholay is also widely read and well received. A documentary of the movie "Shalay: The Classics of the Film," by Wimal Dissanayake and M.Sahai, "Sholay, Culture, Culture," and "The Color of Loose" are also included in the narrative. In the world of television and film sholay is still widely known and well received. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: The Classics of the Film: A brief history of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: The Classics: A brief history of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: The Classics, a Classic : A short history of the Film. The life of Sholay has become sunk in the public, and is called the greatest hindi film of all time. The film was praised by the public, and was rated the highest in the country. In the world of television and film sholay is still very well known and received. In the world of internet and television sholay is also very well known and received. In the world of television and film sholay is still very well known and received. In the world of internet and television sholay is also very well read and well received. In the world of television and film sholay is still very well known and received. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Classic: A brief history of the film. In the twenty-year-old Sholay was first shown on the National Television Board, where it was the highest film ever shown in the country. In the year 1969 the film was broadcast on the National Television Board, and the film received the highest rating. The film was praised by the public and was rated the highest in the country. The life of Sholay was then sunk into the popular culture, and it was called the greatest hindi film of all time. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: The Classics: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film... Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. The biography of the film Anupama Chopra: The Classics, a Short History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: The Classics: A Brief History of the Film... In the film, a twenty-year-old Sholay was first shown on the national broadcaster ddb, and it got the highest rating for a film. In the same year, the film was shown on the National Broadcasting Corporation's first broadcast in the country, and it received the highest ratings. In the movie history of the film, Sholay is still well known and well received, and the internet and television are very well read and received. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: a classic: a brief history of the film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A classic: a brief history of the film. The lasting effect of Sholay on the indian cinema was summarised by Anupama Chopra, in 2004: 'Not a film, but a film. A twenty-year-old sholay was first shown on the national television station Dnebrah, and was the highest-rated film in the country. In the year 1969, the film was first shown on the national television station, and the film was rated the highest. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. In the world of television and film, sholay is still very well known and received. In the world of internet and television, sholay is also very well known and received. In the world of television and film, sholay is still very well known and received; in the world of internet and television, sholay is also very well known and received; Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. The life of Sholay became popular and was called the greatest hindi film of all time. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film... Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. The life of Sholay has been sunk into the popular culture, and is called the greatest hindi film of all time. The film, a twenty-year-old Sholay, was first shown on the national television station ddb, and was the first film to be broadcast in India. It was the first film to be broadcast in India in the early 1960s. In 1969 the film was broadcast on the national television station ddb and was the highest rating ever. The film was praised by the public and rated the highest in the country. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. “In the year 1971, the film “Shilling” was first shown on the national television and received the highest ratings. It was the first film to be broadcast in India in the early 1960s. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film – Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. In the twenty-year-old Sholay was first shown on the national television station Dnebrah and was the highest-rated film in the country; in the year 1969 the film was shown on the national television station, and it was the highest-rated film in the country. The film was praised by the public and was rated the highest-rated film in the country. The life of Sholay had risen into the popular culture and was called the greatest hindi film of all time. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film. Anupama Chopra’s Sholay: A Short History of the Film. Anupama Chopra’ But Sholay was then buried in the cultural history of India and was called the greatest hindi film. The first film was the Sholay of Anupama Chopra, a great hindi film, and it was the first to be broadcast in India in the early 1960s. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. The last two decades have seen a sholay on the Indian TV, and the first in India. In the year of 1969, the film was broadcast on the national television, and was a star. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. In the 1950s, the movie "Shalay" was shown on the national television channel Dunderbee, and was the first film to be broadcast in the country. The film was praised by the public and rated the best in the country. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: A Brief History of the Film. Anupama Chopra's Sholay: That is to say, he was planning to build a film studio and turn it into 3d animation, which he said would be available in late 2012, and would then be on the verge of releasing it in the spring of 2013. It was later delayed, however, to late 2013 and was eventually slated for release on the 3rd of June 2014. A third party, a computer animator frank foster, gave it over to a small group of computer-generated characters to turn the film into a 3d animation, for which every scene was individually restored, colour corrected, and the depth of each element corrected, so that the depth of each image would correspond to the depth of the image. But, in fact, this was delayed to late 2013, and the film was finally set to release on the 3rd of June. But this was pushed back to late 2013 and the film was finally put on the third of June. In fact, it was delayed until the third of June. A third party, a computer animator frank foster, gave it over to a small group of computer-generated characters to render it into a 3d animation, which was subsequently restored, color corrected and the depth of each element corrected so that the depth of each image corresponded to the depth of the picture. The theatrical trailer and release date were announced by the screenwriters salim khan and javed akhtar. They were portrayed by the two original leading men, Bharatan and Dharmendra, who promoted the project. But this was pushed back to late 2013, and the film was finally slated for release on the 3rd of June 2014. On the other hand, the title of the film is: 'The Adventures of Bharatan and Dharmendra.' It was built as a studio and would produce a motion picture in late 2012, and then will be released in spring 2013. It was later delayed to late 2013, and finally release on the 3rd of June 2014. But this was postponed to late 2013 and finally release on the 3rd of June. A third party, a computer animator frank foster, gave it to a group of computer-generated characters to transform it into a 3d animation, for which each scene was individually restored, color corrected, and the depth of each element corrected, so that the depth of each image corresponded to the depth of the image. It was released only in late 2013 and was finally released on the 3rd of June 2014. The theatrical trailer and release date were announced by the screenwriters salim khan and javed akhtar. They portrayed the two original protagonists, Bharatan and Dharmendra, who promoted the movie. But this was delayed to late 2013 and the film was finally released on the 3rd of June.