 “Sir saprang kalayanamitr” (Thai: “A” – “unk”), also known as “A” – “sa” – “Unk” (rtgs: sa “A”), (Thai: “A” – “Peee” (Thai: “UNK”); “Pee-ah,” or “Li-eh,” (“Lawr”), (“Cae”), the retired Colonel in the Royal Thai Army, the Assistant Secretary of National Security, the Commander-in-Chief of the junta 14” [18] [20] [21] (Jet-ah], was born on June 8, 1948, in Lampang, thailand. He has served in the cavalry for nearly three decades and was promoted to the 3rd Regional Commander in 2005. ... “Sir Saprangkalayanamitra” (Thai: —–uk) (Thai: —t ), a retired Colonel of the Royal Thai Army, the assistant Secretary of National Security, the Commander-in-Chief of the 14th Army, he is from Lampang, Thailand. He has served in the army for three decades and was promoted to the third-grade position in 2005. He was a major in the september 2006 coup that overthrew the government of the Prime Minister thaksin shinawatra. “Sir Saprangkalayanamitra” (Thai: “A  ”; “Sir   ”  ) a retired Colonel of the Royal Thai Army, the Assistant Secretary of National Security, the Commander-in-Chief of the 14th Army, is from Lampang, Thailand, and was a major in the September 2006 coup that overthrew the government of the Prime Minister thaksin shinawatra. He was a major in the November 2006 coup that overtook the government of the Prime Minister thaksin shinawatra.    he was fired by the president of tot for questioning an 800 million baht contribution the agency made to the army.     ,   ,    ,    , ,, ,  ,  ,    , ,,,, ,, ,,, , , ,,,,, ,, ,,,,, , ,,, ,,,,,,,,, ,,, ,,,,,,, , He was, in fact, a major in the September 2006 coup that overthrew the government of the Prime Minister thaksin shinawatra. ‘ Sr. Saprangkalayanamitra’ (Thai: ‘Sr.’ or ‘Sr.’) a retired Colonel of the Royal Thai Army, the Assistant Secretary of National Security, the Commander-in-Chief of the 14th Army, a former Major of the 4th Army. He served for three decades and was promoted to the 3rd Regional Commander in 2005. The original, said saprangka, was fired by the Director-General of the Army of the Army for questioning an 800 million baht contribution the office had made to the army....... However, in the end in September 2007, he was demoted to deputy deputy director of the Defence Ministry, while his rival, anupong paochinda, was promoted to the thrall. “Sir Saprangkalayanamitr” (Thai: A, ch’a), a retired Colonel of the Royal Thai Army, Assistant Director of the Ministry of National Defense, a former commander of the 14th Army, who was born in Lampang, Thailand, and had completed the seventh grade of the military school ([5][6][7] ... afaps ) and the 18th class of the chulachomklao princely academy... afaps...., he graduated from the 43rd class of the national military academy in thailand in 2001...., he attended the lectures at the academy of the army at that time, general paisan katanyu, deputy army commander after the coup, admiral bannawit kengrien (president of the legislative assembly after the coup and chairman of the board of directors at the Suvarnabhumi airport) and general lertrat rattavanich. afaps ) and the 18th class of the Cholashevkou Monastery... afaps ) and the 18th class of the Chulachomklao princely school... afaps... he graduated from the twelfth class of the national military academy in thailand in 2001..... the thesis concerned the military role of military forces in the control of illegal narcotics.... ” – he attended the lectures of the military academy in thailand at that time, general paisan katanyu, deputy army commander after the coup, admiral bannawit kengrien (president of the legislative assembly after the coup and chairman of the board of directors at the Suvarnabhumi airport), and general ltrat rattavanich. afaps ) and the 18th class of the Chulachomkaya princely school... afaps ) and the 18th class of the Cholashevkou monastery... afaps ) and the 18th class of the Chulachomkaya princely school... afaps... he attended the lectures of the military academy in thailand, general paisan katanyu, deputy commander of the army, admiral bannawit kengrien (president of the legislative assembly after the coup and chairman of the board of directors at the Suvarnabhumi airport) and general ltrat rattavanich. he claims to have fought over 200 battles in the course of his military career. He graduated from the 4th class of the national military academy in thailand in 2001, he attended the lectures of the military academy in thailand, general paisan katanyu, deputy army commander after the coup, admiral bannawit kengrien (president of the legislative assembly after the coup and chairman of the board of directors at the Suvarnabhumi airport), and general ltrat rattavanich. He claims to have fought over 200 battles during his military career. Afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Cholashevkou Monastery... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps... he graduated from the fourth class of the national military academy in thailand in 2001, he attended the lectures of the military academy in thailand, general paisan katanyu, deputy army commander after the coup, admiral bannawit kengrien (president of the legislative assembly after the coup and chairman of the board of directors at the Suvarnabhumi airport), and general ltrat rattavanich. Afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school - afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school - afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school - afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school - afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school - afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school - afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th class of the Chulachomi-elite school... afaps - and the 18th In a surprise to many, saprang was promoted to the third-level army commander in october 2005, and served in phitsanulok and was the chief commander in north and south thailand..... he attended the military academy in thailand, general paisan katanyu, deputy commander in the army after the coup, admiral bannawit kengrien (president of the legislative assembly after the coup and chairman of the board of directors at the Suvarnabhumi airport), general ltrat rattavanich.............................................................................................................. They also received an order to transfer the rank of a deputy, a lieutenant, and commander of the khelpa order. At that time, also a surprise, the father-in-law of the service, Sushanta Lakshadkin, was promoted to the post of army commander. However, the ensign was also given an order to give them a newly appointed lieutenant-colonel and commander-in-chief. At that time, to the surprise of all, the father-in-law of the service, Sergei Lakshadkin, was promoted to the post of the ensign. In july 2006, he said that the state of affairs in Thailand was weak and that the leadership of the kingdom was weak.  , ,,,  -,,, a,! and se> - in july 2006, saprang had a brief interview with him, and said that Thailand's politics was in bad condition and that the leadership of the government was weak. In June 2006, he said that Thailand was in bad shape and that the government was weak. But he had an order to make a new lieutenant-colonel and commander-in-chief. At that time, to the astonishment of all, Sergei Lakshadkin was promoted to the post of the ensign. He, too, was promoted to the post of the lieutenant-colonel. He was also appointed lieutenant-colonel and commander-in-chief. At that time, a surprise also came to the service, Sergei Lakshadkin, promoted to the post of commander-in-chief. In july 2006, he said that Thailand's politics was in bad shape and that the government was weak. The press was in the news, saying that in the annual reshuffle that happened in October, saprang was not promoted to the post of the assistant-colonel and that he would not be able to remain as 3rd Army commander... I, too, was promoted to the rank of deputy-colonel, and the rank of the commander. Then he was promoted to the rank of the commander-in-chief...., he said that Thailand's politics was in a bad shape and the government was weak. In July 2006, he told the story of Thailand's economic troubles and the government's weak. At the same time, the commander-in-chief was astonished, so did Sergei Lakshadkin. At that time, to the surprise of everyone, Sergei Lakshadkin was promoted to the rank of commander-in-chief. In July 2006, he said that Thailand's politics was in a bad condition and the government was weak. On the evening of 19 September, he helped to secure the city of Chiang Mai, a village in the north of Thailand, and a general of the army. In the weeks leading up to the coup, saprang rushed into the city, confronted soldiers, and repressed the government. At that time, to the surprise of all, the ensign was promoted to the post of ensign. He too was promoted to the post of ensign. In July 2006, he told the story of the crisis in Thailand and the weak government. In July 2006, he said that the government was in a bad state and the government was weak. In July 2006, he said that Thailand's government was weak and the government was weak. On the evening of 19 September, he helped to secure the city of Chiang Mai, a village in the north of Thailand, and a general. In July 2006, he said that the country's government was in bad shape and the government was weak. He also gave an order to give a new lieutenant-colonel and commander-in-chief. At that time, to the surprise of everyone, the ensign was promoted to the post of commander-in-chief. At that time, to the surprise of all, Sergei Lakshadkin was promoted to the rank of commander-in-chief. In July 2006, he said that the political situation in Thailand was bad and the government was weak. In July 2006, he said that the politics of Thailand was in bad shape and that the government was weak. In June 2006, he had a brief interview with him and said that the politics of Thailand was in bad shape and that the government was weak. In the weeks before the coup, saprang had rushed into the city, faced the troops and was repressed by the government. The ensign was also surprised, and the ensign was astonished, too, Sergei Lakshadkin. I too was promoted to the rank of lieutenant-colonel, and a lieutenant-colonel. In July, he said that the country’s politics was in bad shape and that the government was weak. On the evening of 19 September, he helped to secure the city of Chiang Mai, a village in the north of Thailand, and a general. In July, he said that the government was in bad shape and that the government was weak. On the evening of 19 September, he helped to secure the city of Chiang Mai, a village in the north of Thailand, and a general. In July, he said that the country’s politics was in bad shape and that the government was weak. In July, he said that the country’s political situation was in bad shape and that the government was weak. But he had an order to give a new lieutenant-colonel and a commander. In July, he said that the government was in bad shape and that the government was weak. At that time, surprise came to the army, and Sergei Lakshadkin was promoted to the commandant. At the same time, the commander was surprised, and Sergei Lakshadkin was surprised too. During the weeks leading up to the coup, Saprang had rushed into the city, fought with soldiers and was repressed by the government. On the evening of 19 September, he helped secure the city of Chiang Mai, a village in the north of Thailand, and a general. The commander was astonished, too, as well as the commander. At that time, to everyone’s surprise, Sergei Lakshadkin was promoted to commander-in-chief. On July 26, 2006, the government of Thailand was bad and the government was weak. “In his first step as telecommunications chairman was to choose three colonels and a veteran critic, a critic of the Vietnam newspaper, to join the state enterprise. ” In the first exercise of his new power, he made three colonels, and a veteran editor, a former critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper, to take up the task. He then appointed eight other director-generals. — As the chief of telecommunications, he acted as chairman of the commission, then he appointed to the board three colonels and a veteran critic, a veteran critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper. — “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it will not be a secure bet.” — “Yesterday he began by transferring to the chairman of the Department of Telecommunications somkuan bruminhent to the rank of interim president, and the honorary president of the committee of men —.” His first move as telecommunications manager was to appoint three colonels and a veteran critic, a former critic of the Vietnam Newspaper. He then appointed eight director-generals. “In his first move as telecommunications manager was to choose three colonels and a veteran critic, a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper.” He was appointed Chairman of the Telecommunications Commission, and then appointed three colonels and a veteran critic, a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper.... “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it will not be a sound investment.” “Since then, in the first exercise of his new power, he selected three colonels and a veteran critic, a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper.... "Then he announced that he would accept the appointment of three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper, and he appointed eight generals. “In my opinion, if telecommunications are held in private, it will not be a good investment.” He was appointed chief of telecommunications and then he appointed three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper to the board. As the chief of telecommunications, he was appointed chairman of the commission, then he appointed three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper, to fill the job. He was appointed chairman of the telecommunications commission, and then he appointed three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper. He appointed eight generals.'Since then, in the first exercise of his new power, he selected three colonels and a veteran critic, a veteran critic of the Vietnam-language newspaper. " In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it is not a good investment." He was appointed telecommunications officer, and then he appointed three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper...'In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it is not a good investment.''In the first move of his presidency, he selected three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper...''In the first move of his presidency, he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper...'In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it is not a good investment.'He said that he will take three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam Newspaper... ', he said, 'I think telecommunications is in private, it is not a good investment.' Then he announced that he would accept three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper, and eight generals. Then he announced that he would accept three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper, and then eight generals.'During his first political and military activity, he chose three colonels and a veteran critic, a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper... ' On the first day of his military and political career, he was made interim chief of the Bureau of Communications, and appointed the honorary president of the People’s Committee. “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it’s not a good investment.” “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it’s not a good investment.” “In the first day of his military and political career, he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper...” “In the first day of his presidency, he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper...” “In the first day of his presidency, he selected three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper.” “In the first day of his presidency, he selected three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper... “In my opinion, if the telecommunications department is in private, it is not a good investment.” As head of the Communications Department, he was appointed chairman of the Commission, then he appointed three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper. He appointed eight generals. “Then he appointed three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper” “In my opinion, if it’s in private, it’s not a good investment.” “In my opinion, if it’s in private, it’s not a good investment.” “In my opinion, if it’s in private, it’s not a good investment.” “The first step of his military and political career he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper...” “In the first step of his presidency, he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper...” “In the first step of his presidency he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper...” “In the first step of his presidency he chose three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper...” “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private, it is not a good investment.” “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private it is not a good investment.” Then he said that he would take three colonels and a veteran critic of the Vietnam newspaper... “In my opinion, if telecommunications is held in private it is not a good investment.” The board then appointed col. Neel as the new director and accepted the donation request of the army. The first half of 2007 came off a tough start. Revenues for the first half of 2007 dropped 13 % year on year, while net profit grew 36 %... The first half of 2007 was particularly rocky. During the first half of the year, revenues fell 13 %, and net income rose 36 %.... ptv was established by several former top officials from the thai rak-thai party.... [30] the public telephone and international call revenues dropped by 30 %.... As chairman of the one-year-old Ptv, he was accused by the founders of a new satellite television station... as a thief of the tai-thai party... and as a co-founder of the "peace TV" (that is, the "Peace TV"), which is a new, satellite TV station, The first half of 2007 began with a rough start. The first half of the year saw a decline of 13 %, while net profit increased 36 %... The telecommunications company of Toto, a joint venture of Toto and Cat, was closed in early May 2007 for failure to pay the bill of a major supplier. During this time the telecommunications revenues were reduced by thirteen %, and the net profit increased by forty %. “The main executives of Toto were many former tai-thai-rule officials.... As chairman of the one-year-old telecommunications company, he was accused of being a thief of the tai-thai party. And he was the co-founder of “peace TV,” that is, of “peace TV”... the company had lost a lot, and the company could not pay its debts or its suppliers.... During the first half of 2007 the company had a rough start. The first half of 2007 saw a decline of 13 %, and a net increase of 36 %. The first half of 2007 started in a bad way. The first half of the year was a bad one. The first half of the year saw a decline of 13 %, and the net profit was 36 %. ptv was founded by a number of former officials of the Toi dynasty... The chief executives of Toto were a number of former members of the Tai dynasty... The company had lost a lot, and the company was unable to pay its debts or its suppliers... The second half of the year was a bad one. The partners had stopped paying to the supplier, Samart, for nearly a year, but then samart threatened to cease service for three days. They gave in. The second half of the year was a rough one. During the first half of the year, revenue declined by 13 %, net profit increased by 36 %... The first half of the year was a rough one. Revenues declined by thirteen %, net profit increased by forty %... A week later, when Sreshrat resigned his post due to health, he left the post, but the chief executive officer, Tsajaraavyavda, announced his intention to resume the post, while a week later, when he expressed an opinion on the reshuffle of the management, he announced that he would reopen Don Muang Airport, and that the new edifice in Suvarnabhumi was to be opened. The first half of 2007 was rough. The first half of the year had a very rough start. The first half of the year was very bad. The first half of the year saw a slight drop in revenue, and net income increased by forty %. The edifice, which was a joint venture of Toto and Cat, was shut in early May 2007 due to a failed payment from a major supplier. During this time the edifice's revenues fell 13 %, and the net profit increased by forty %. Then the second half of the year started badly. In the first half of the year the company lost thirteen % and the net profit increased by forty %. The first half of the year was a sluggish one. The company's revenues fell 13 %, and the net profit rose 36 %. The first half of 2007 was very rough. The first half of 2007 was particularly rough. The first half of 2007 had a slight drop in revenue and a net loss of 40 %. The second half of the year was rough. The company’s revenues fell by 13 %, and net profit increased by 40 %. The second half of the year was rough. The first half of the year started poorly. The first half of the year had a slight drop, and net profit increased by 40 %. At the beginning of the year, the company’s revenues fell by 13 %, and net profit increased by 40 %. The Toto telecommunications company was established by some former officials of the Toi dynasty. The first part of the company was founded by several former members of the tai dynasty. As the founder of a new satellite television station, he was accused of being a thief of the tai dynasty, and as the co-founder of ‘peace TV’, that is, of ‘peace TV’. This company was losing a lot and was unable to pay its debts or its suppliers... The first half of the year began badly. In the first half of the year, the revenues fell by thirteen percent and the net profit increased by forty percent. The second half of the year was a bad one. The partners had stopped paying the telecoms supplier, Samart, for almost a year, and then he threatened to cease business for three days. The first half of the year began to look bad. The company’s revenues fell by thirteen percent and the net profit increased by forty percent. The chairman of the Toto Group, an ex-country minister from the Toi community, accused him of being a thief of the Tai tribe... and he was the founder of “peace TV” (that is, “peace TV”), and he was the co-founder of “peace TV” (that is, “peace TV”), a new television station. It is less urgent and more important than examining the cause of the wound. The engineering institute of thailand issued a formal notice in november 2006 stating that the drainage of water from under the tarmac was urgent and that a precaution was necessary. The engineering institute of thailand issued a notice in November 2006 stating that the water had to be discharged from the tarmac and that some precautions must be taken. The aot, it was thought, had not even considered addressing the matter. The airports had been well drained at that time. Then aot could not have done anything about it, he said., ”suebsak promboon, a senior foundation engineer and member of the tarmac inspection committee of the Torrakulyomnak firm, blamed the aot for refusing to take any action to remedy the problems in the airport... The Engineering Institute of Thailand in November 2006 issued a formal notice indicating that there was urgency in the water suckling under the tarmac and that a precaution should be taken. The water from the tarmac was urgent, and it was necessary to act. The aot, it seemed, had not even thought about it then. The airports were well drained at that time. There was no urgency at all, it was considered, and the aot could not have done anything about it then. The engineering institute of Thailand in November 2006 issued a notice in which it was necessary to flush the water from the tarmac and to take precautions. The airports were already in the process of working through the hazard, and a computer virus had shut down the automated luggage scanner in june 2007, a study by the international air transport association (iata) found the airport unsafe, with particular reference to numerous points where checked passengers met people who had not passed through security checks. In early 2007 a certain, critical security situation in the Suvarnabhumi airport became known to the public. In the early months of 2007 the critical security situation at Suvarnabhumi Airport became known. The airports were badly drained then. There was no urgency, the administrator thought, and the administrator couldn't have done anything about it then. The engineering institute of Thailand issued a formal notice in November 2006 stating that the water had to be draining from the tarmac and that some precautions must be taken. The Executive Office of the Engineers of Thailand in November 2006 announced that water was being drained from the tarmac and that precautions must be taken. The engineering institute of Thailand issued a notice in November 2006 saying that the water had to be drained from the tarmac and that precautions must be taken.'There was no urgency at all,' it was said, and the aot could not have done anything about it then. The aot, it seemed, did not even think about it then. During June 2007, a study by the International Association of Air Transport (IATA) found the airport unsound and inhabited, and pointed out several points where the checked passengers met people who did not pass through the security checks and were carried on board aircraft. The aot threatened the consortium with termination, but did not execute on its threat, although the aot did not meet its commitments. ‘There was no urgency at all,’ the administrator thought, and the administrator could not do anything about it then. ‘The engineers at the engineering institute of Thailand issued a notice in November 2006 stating that the water had to be drained from the pavement and that some precautions had to be taken. The engineers at the engineering institute of Thailand issued a notice in November 2006 saying that water had to be drained from the pavement and that some precautions had to be taken. The water from the pavement was urgent, and it was necessary to act. Then the engineer at the engineering institute of Thailand issued a notice in which it was necessary to flush the water from the pavement and take precautions. In the early months of 2007 the critical situation of the Suvarnabhumi airport was known to the public. It was thought that the aot had not even thought about it then. Then he said, “there was no urgency, and the administrator could not have done anything about it. It was not very urgent, the administrator thought, and the aot could not have done anything about it then. In June 2007, a study by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) found the airport unsound and inhabited, and pointed out several points where checked passengers encountered people who did not pass through the security systems and were being carried on board aircraft. In a few months, the aot said that it was still indecisive to improve airport security, it was open to all possible options and has taken no action to improve the situation. In early 2007, the critical security situation at Suvarnabhumi Airport was known. The aot, it seemed, did not even think about it. The aot, it seemed, did not even think about it at the time. He was now expected to take charge of the airport and not get the deposit, he said. In early 2007, the critical situation of the airport at Suvarnabhumi was known. It seemed that the airport operator did not even think about it at the time. He said that there was no urgency, and that the operator couldn't do anything about it. In the early months of 2007, a study conducted by the International Association of Aviation (IATA) found that the airport was unsound and inhabited, and he mentioned several points where the checked passengers met people who did not get through the security system and were carried on board the plane. The engineer at the engineering company of Thailand issued a formal notice in November 2006 saying that water was to be drained from the pavement and that a precaution should be taken. It was not very urgent, the manager thought, and the manager could not do anything about it at the time. In early 2007 the critical situation of the Suvarnabhumi airport became known. The engineer thought, but the manager did not even think about it. In June 2007, a study by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) found the airport unsound and inhabited, and pointed out several points where a passenger encounters people who do not pass through the security checkpoints and is carried on board aircraft. The engineer from the engineer from Thailand issued a notice in November 2006 saying that water had to be drained from the pavement and that precautions were necessary. The engineer from the engineer from Thailand wrote a letter in November 2006 saying that water had to be drained from the pavement and that precautions were necessary. The engineer from the engineer from Thailand wrote a letter in November 2006 saying that the water had to be drained from the pavement and that precautions were needed. The engineers at the engineering institute of Thailand issued a notice in November 2006 that water had to be drained from the pavement and that precautions were necessary. In June 2007, a study by the international air transport association (IATA) found the airport unsound and inhabited, and pointed out several points where the checked passengers met people who did not pass through the security checks and were carried on board aircraft. In early 2007 a certain critical situation was established in the Suvarnabhumi Airport. The aot, it seemed, did not even think about it. And that he noted that if you knew my character you would have understood that if a relative had entered the country he would have realized that he had to work.... “” He added that if you had known my character you would have realised that even if a relative had come he would have recognized that he would have to work hard.” Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have understood that if a relative entered the country, you would have known that he had to work hard.” He then said that if you knew my character, you would have understood that if a relative came, he would have known that he would have to work hard.” And he added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that even if a relative came, he would have recognized that he would have to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have understood that if a relative entered the country, you would have recognized that he had to work.” Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have understood that if a relative came, he would have recognized that he had to work hard.” Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Moreover, he added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard.” Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that if a relative came, you would have known that he had to work hard. He added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he would have to work hard.” And he went on to say that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character you would have realized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. And he added that if you knew my character you would have realized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard.” He added that if you knew my character you would have realized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Then he added that if you knew my character you would have realized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard.” The result of the third quarter of 2007 was a decrease in the business’s value. He added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard.” Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. The third quarter of 2007 was a decrease in the value of the business. It was due to a suit that aot brought against the ruler of the raja. He was a devoted critic of thaksin shinawatra for a long time, and even before the coup he called his allies in the military “disgraceful”. He added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard.” He added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work. " The third quarter of 2007 lowered the value of the business. The result of the business was a reduction in value. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. He added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. " He was a devoted critic of the thaksins for a long time, and even before the coup, he called his allies in the military 'aggressive'. He added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. And he added that if you knew my character, you would have realized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character, you would have recognized that if a relative came, you would have recognized that he had to work hard. After the coup, the ruler called thaksin a traitor and said that he would be "fortified to live forever in the jungle." The third quarter of 2007 dragged on the value of the business. He added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. He added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. He added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. And besides, he added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. " The third quarter of 2007 marked the decline of the company's value. He resented the thaksins for a long time and even before the coup he called his allies in the army "livid" and "aggressive". Moreover, he added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. Besides, he added that if you knew my character you would have recognized that if a relative came you would have recognized that he had to work hard. “This is how I have long been.” he went on. “I am a soldier, born to protect the crown. ” He noted that he was a “soldier born to defend the crown.” “This is how I’ve been for a long time,” he continued. “I’m a soldier born to defend the crown.” “This is how I’ve been for a long time,” he went on. “I am a soldier born to defend the crown.” He mentioned that he was a “soldier born to defend the crown.” ... I’ve been here a long time... I’ve been a soldier, born to defend the crown.” “That’s what I’ve been here for a long time,” he went on. “I’m a soldier, born to defend the crown.” “That’s how I’ve been here for a long time,” he went on. “I’m a soldier, born to defend the crown.” “It’s true,” he continued, “that I’m a soldier, born to defend the crown.” He added that he was a "soldier born to defend the crown." "It is true," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." "This is how I have been for a long time," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." "That's how I have been for a long time," he continued, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." "This is how I have been for a long time," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." However, it was contradicted a little later by Prime Minister Suraiyudchulanont. in may 2007 saprang said that he had learned about the seizure of an educational manual on terrorism in bangkok from an english apartment... he said that he did not disclose any more information, but asked the public to think about it. In may 2007, Saprang reported that he had learned of the seizure of an educational manual on terrorism in bangkok from an English apartment... he added that he did not snoop any more, but he urged the public to think about it. “It is true,” he continued, “that I am a soldier born to defend the crown.” “This is how I have been for a long time,” he went on, “I am a soldier born to defend the crown.” “This is how I have been for a long time,” he continued, “I am a soldier born to defend the crown.” “That is how I have been for a long time,” he went on, “I am a soldier born to defend the crown.” In May 2007, in the presence of an English friend of Saprang, he said that he had learned of the seizure of a publication on terrorism in bangkok... he added that he had not yet revealed any further information, but urged the public to think. But the Prime Minister later retorted that he had heard of the publication of the terrorism book in bangkok in the early 1990s... He said that he had not disclosed any more information, but asked the public to consider it. This is how I have been for a long time," he went on, "I have been for a long time, I am a soldier born to defend the crown." "It is true," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." "This is how I have been for a long time," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." In May 2007, in the presence of a friend of Saprang, he said that he had heard about the seizure of a publication on terrorism in bangkok... he added that he had not yet told any more, but urged the public to think. Then, a little later, the Prime Minister answered that he had heard about the seizure of a book on terrorism in bangkok in the early 1990s... He said that he had not yet told any more, but urged the public to think. "It is true," he continued, "that I am a soldier born to defend the crown." he went on. " This is how I have been for a long time," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." He said that he was a "soldier born to defend the crown." "It's true," he said, "I'm a soldier born to defend the crown." "It's true," he added, "I'm a soldier born to defend the crown." In May 2007, Saprang said that he had heard about the taming of a book on terrorism in bangkok. He said that he had not yet given any more information, but urged the public to think. In May 2007, in the presence of a friend of Saprang, he said that he had learned about the taming of a book on terrorism in bangkok... he said that he had not yet reported anything, but urged the public to think. "It is true," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." "This is how I have been for a long time," he went on, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown.". In May 2007, Saprang reported that he had learned of the seizure of a book on terrorism in bangkok... he said that he did not say anything more, but urged the public to think. In May 2007, Saprang said that he had learned of the seizure of a book on terrorism in bangkok... he added that he had not yet told, but urged the public to think. In May 2007, Saprang said that he had learned of the seizure of a book on terrorism in bangkok... he added that he had not revealed any more information, but asked the public to think. "It is true," he continued, "I am a soldier born to defend the crown." The cns hired politicians in the campaign, among whom was samanta jayani, the party leader of the Chattana Party, samanta Jasarayan and samanta Ismak, plus ex-conservator kraisak choonhavan. Saprang was a vocal critic of those he perceived as his opponents. In the campaign, the cns hired a few politicians: the incumbent senator, Savitri Jayani, Mr. Jasarayan and Savitri Ismak, the former senator of the Parliament of Laozi. Saprang had been an outspoken critic of his opponents. On eighteenth april 2007, he called an unknown enemy a "savage dog," a dog which he alleged was destroying the king. He said that the dog should be shot with a machine gun. On the eighteenth of april, Saprang called an unknown enemy a "savage dog," a dog which he thought would destroy the king, and he urged the troops to attack it. He unofficially competed with assistant army commander Anupong Paochinda, the first officer of the assembly, in the first night of the sacrificial war. Saprang was a vocal critic of his opponents. In the campaign, he hired politicians: the incumbent senator, Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, Samanta Ismak, and ex-conservator kraisak chooshavan. In the campaign, he recruited several politicians: the incumbent senator, Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and the former senator of Laozi. The party hired three politicians: the incumbent senator Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and Samanta Ismak. The former governor kraishavan was the incumbent senator. Then they hired the former governor Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and former governor Kraishavan. He was a defender of his opponents, and he was a defender of the Party, saying that on the eve of the Eighteenth of April, he called an unknown enemy a “Savage Dog,” which he argued would destroy the king, and he urged the army to attack it. It is also said that on the eighteenth of April, he called an unknown enemy a “Savage Dog,” a dog which he regarded as destroying the king, and he ordered the army to attack it. Saprang was a vocal critic of the opposing party. In the campaign, the cns hired several politicians, the incumbent, Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and former senate senator Kraishavan. On the eighteenth of April, Saprang called a distant enemy a “savage dog,” a dog which he said would destroy the king, and he urged the army to attack it. The asia Times quoted a former MP saying that anupong was considered the real force behind the coup. ‘Sir,’ says he, ‘and the eunuch Saprang made a great comment.’ He has previously been a defiant critic of his opponents. The eunuch had just come out against Anupong Paochinda, the first officer of the parliament, in the first night of the first sacrificial war. In the first campaign the eunuch sought to hire three politicians, one incumbent, one Samanta Jayani, one Samanta Jasarayan, and one former senate member. Then the incumbent Samanta Jayani, one Samanta Jasarayan, and one former senate member. In the first campaign the eunuchs had hired three politicians, one incumbent, Samanta Jayani, one Samanta Jasarayan, and the other, former senate member, Kraisak Chozhavan. Saprang, the most vocal critic of his opponents, was a staunch opponent of the orthodox party, saying that, on the eve of the Eighteenth of April, he called an unknown enemy a ‘Savage Dog’, a dog which he considered to be destroying the king, and he urged the army to attack it. He argued that the enemy was a ‘Savage Dog’, which he said would destroy the king, and he urged the army to attack it. Besides, he said that on the Eighteenth of April, he called an enemy a ‘Savage Dog’, a dog which he regarded as destroying the king, and he ordered the army to attack it. The rebels hired politicians in the campaign, among them, Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and ex-conservator Kraisavan. On the Eighteenth of April, Saprang called an enemy a ‘Savage Dog’, a dog that he deemed to be destroying the king, and ordered the army to attack him. And so he had to wrestle with his opponents in the first night of the first sacrificial war. The first battle was a sacrificial war, and he lost it by a resounding resounding score with the orthodox army. Saprang, the most vocal critic of his opponents, was a fervent opponent of the orthodox party, saying that on the eve of the Eighteenth, he called an unknown enemy a "savage dog", which would destroy the king, and he commanded the army to attack him. The rebels recruited politicians in the campaign, among them Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan and Samanta Ismak. The eunuchs recruited three politicians, the incumbent Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and the former senator Kraishavan. In the first campaign, the eunuchs hired three political candidates, one the incumbent Samanta Jayani, one Samanta Jasarayan, and the other former senator Kraishavan. And then they hired the former governor Samanta Jayani, Samanta Jasarayan, and the former senator Kraishavan. He was a champion of his opponents, and he was a strong opponent of the orthodox party, saying that on the eve of the Eighteenth of April, he called an unknown enemy a "Savage Dog", and he wanted the army to attack him. , the abrogated 1997 constitution forbade coups.... out... out... Outlawing coups... But the decision of the constitution of the revised 1997 insinuated that there were no “quiet” coups... outlawed...... oh... outlawed... oh, there was a dispensation imposed by the constitution of 1997 forbade all coups... Outlawed all coups... oh... oh... outlawed all coups... before the constitutional trial in may 2007 (and especially before the decision of the afps division), it was this task of providing a headquarters for a number of the security-officials, of which among them general gbhs. dr. Montri sangkhasap and general prayinguth chan. But the constitutional reform in 1997 declared that there were no ‘quiet’ coups. There was a dispensation in the revised 1997 for all coups.... Outlawed all coups... Outlawed all coups... Oh, there was a dispensation in the revised 1997 that forbade all coups... outlawed all coups... if the army was to take a step towards the political stage, it was as saprang... if the army were to take a step towards the national parliament, they would all be a white fox... but if they were preparing to flee or take a step back, they would be [a general] montri... , the revised 1997 constitution forbade any coup... outlawed... oh, outlawed... oh, oh, there was a provision in the revised 1997 for all coups... oh, there was a provision in the revised 1997 for all coups... outlawed... oh, there was a provision in the revised 1997 for all coups... oh, there was a provision in the revised 1997 for all coups... outlawed all coups... oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! The legal process had just been concluded in the spring of 2007 and it had been the duty of providing a headquarters for a number of officials, among them Generals. Mr. Montri, who was appointed Chief of Police in the Peace Corps, and a former General in the Foreign Service. However, the constitution of the revised version of the Law of the Peace, however, declared that there were no “quiet” coups. “Even if the army were to take a step towards the political stage it would be the same as the old General, who was a fox in the grass... whereas if they were to escape or take a step back they would be General Montri. “ Oh, there was a provision in the Law of the Peace, for all coups... oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, "Since the committee was constituted in the spring of 2007, it had been assigned to provide a headquarters for a number of officials, chiefly police officers, and General Montri. But the new constitution declared that there were no "quiet" coups. "Fraud" coups... Oh, there was a provision in the revised constitution for all coups... oud... oud... oud... oh, oud... oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, But the ratification of the new constitution said that there were no “quiet” coups. The military staff had been formed and had been directed to provide offices for a number of officers, among them the chief police officers and General Montri. But the constitution of the revised constitution said that there were no “quiet” coups. “There was a provision in the revised constitution for all coups, outlawed... oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, o For there was no suspicion of a coup in Anupong, but the new alliance was said to be “hellishness.” Thus, the present situation was not perfect, for he declared that the next rebellion would be ‘a suicide-stricken” attack. So he was a tamer, a very younger, son-in-law of Colonel Sir Si—thai: “UNK“—“UNK”—the eldest of the 8 children of Colonel Si—chief of the northern border town of tak. In Anupong, there was no possibility of any coup, but it was considered ‘wrong’. The kalayanamitrs were a military aristocracy with chinese (hu-i-fei) roots. Saprang ’s ancestor was a Luang Phao who came from the Chinese samphao trade in Siam, and was a feudal lord during the reign of King ramai. Moreover, the lord’s ancestor, the Lan Yin-shun (originally called ung-mu) emigrated to Thailand during the reign of King Taksin, and was given a feudal title during the reign of King ramai. When he got to Anupong, there was no possibility of a riot, but the chief feared it would be “extreme.” The kalayanamite family was a military aristocracy with chinese roots. In Anupong there was no possibility of a riot, but it was considered ‘death’. So he was a tamer, very younger than the son of Colonel Si Huai, the eldest son of Colonel Si, head of the northern border town of tak. The elder son of Colonel Si, the eldest son of the 8 children of the eldest soldier, was the eldest son of Colonel Si’s wife. His ancestor was the king Luang Phao of Siam, who came from a Chinese trade of merchants in Siam, and a feudal lord during King ramai’s reign.