 " It is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy the office, and the 197th episode in the whole series. " Ling Ling Ling" is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy the office and the 197th episode in the whole series. Ling Ling Ling" is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and the 197th episode of the series. The television series, presented as if it were a documentary, chronicles the everyday life of office workers in the Cambridge branch of the fictional dunder mifflin paper company. In the episode, andy bernard (ed helms) decides to make a career as an actor and quits his job at dunder mifflin. Meanwhile, dwight schrute ( rainn wilson) receives his black belt from his new sensei (Imperioli) and, on the recommendation of jim halpert (john krasinski) is promoted to regional manager of the scranton branch. ‘ ‘Ling-Ling-Ling’ is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and the 197th episode of the series. The program, presented as if as a documentary, chronicles the everyday life of the office staff in the Cambridge branch of the fictional dunder-mifflin paper company. The episode was filmed in the spirit of documentary and the viewership resembled that of a documentary. In the episode, actor and writer ed helms tries to establish himself as a comedian and leaves his job at dunder-mifflin. On the other hand, dwight schrute (rainn wilson) receives his black belt from his new superior (Imperioli) and, on the recommendation of jim halpert (john krasinski) is promoted to Regional Manager of the Cambridge branch. In this episode, jim begins to reconnect with his new associate pam halpert (jenna fischer) and announces that he would like her over Philadelphia. It is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and the 197th episode of the series. The program, presented as a documentary, chronicles the daily life of the workers in the Cambridge branch of the fictional Dunder-Mifflin paper company. The episode is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and the 197th episode in the series. The show, presented as a documentary, chronicles the everyday life of the staff of the fictional Dunder-Mifflin paper company. In the episode, andy bernard (ed-Mifflin) makes up his mind to become an actor and leaves his job at Dunder-Mifflin. On the other hand, Dwight schrute (rainn wilson) gets his black belt from his new superior (Imperioli) and, on the advice of jim halpert (john krasinski) is promoted to the regional manager of the city of scranton. The episode, which was filmed as a documentary, chronicled the everyday life of the office workers in the Cambridge branch of the fictional dunder-mifflin. The program, which was filmed as a documentary, chronicled the everyday life of office workers in the Cambridge branch of the fictional dunder-mifflin paper., dwight schrute (rainn wilson) received his black belt from his new superior (Imperioli), and, on the recommendation of jim halpert (john krasinski), promoted to Regional Manager in Cambridge. “Ling-Ling-Ling” is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and the 197th episode of the series. The program is a documentary and recounts the daily life of the employees in the Cambridge branch of the fictional Dunder-Mifflin. In the episode, actor and writer ed helms has decided to become an actor and quits his job at Dunder-Mifflin. Meanwhile, dwight schrute (rainn wilson) receives his black belt from his new superior (Imperioli) and, on the advice of jim halpert (john krasinski), is promoted to regional manager in Cambridge. In the episode, andy bernard (ed helms) wants to become an actor and quits his job at Dunder-Mifflin. However, andy tells david that he is leaving to pursue his dreams of stardom, and he is relieved not to fire him. The program, presented as a documentary, chronicles the daily life of the staff in the Cambridge branch of the fictional Dunder-Mifflin paper. The episode is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office and the 197th episode of the series. The show is filmed in the spirit of documentary and the viewership is like that of a documentary. The show is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office and the 197th episode of the series. The episode - andy bernard (ed - McMifflin) - decides to become an actor and leaves his job at Dunder-Mifflin. Then, dwight schrute (rainn wilson) received his black belt from the new teacher ( michael imperioli) and, on the advice of jim halpert (john krasinski) - is promoted to Regional Manager of the Cambridge branch. “Ling-Ling-Ling” is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office and the 197th episode of the series. The program, presented as a documentary, chronicles the daily life of the staff of the fictional Dunder-Mifflin newspaper. The episode is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office and the 197th episode of the series. The episode, andy bernard (ed-Mifflin) decides to become an actor and leaves his job at Dunder-Mifflin. The episode, andy bernard (ed-Mifflin) decides to become an actor and leaves his job at Dunder-Mifflin. On the other hand, dwight schrute (rainn wilson) receives his black belt from his new superior (Imperioli) and, on the advice of jim halpert (john krasinski), is promoted to regional manager in Cambridge. In this episode, andy bernard (ed-Mifflin) wants to become an actor and leaves his job at Dunder-Mifflin; however, andy tells david that he is leaving to pursue his dreams of fame, and is pleased to not fire him. The episode, which was filmed as a documentary, chronicles the daily life of the staff of the fictional Dunder-Mifflin paper. In the episode, andy bernard (ed-Mifflin) decided to become an actor and leave his job at Dunder-Mifflin. And on the other hand, dwight schrute (rainn wilson) receives his black belt from his new sensei (Imperioli) and, on the advice of jim halpert (john krasinski), is promoted to regional manager in Cambridge. Seeing dwight's tenacity and devotion, david has decided to replace him with dwight andy. It is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and the 197th episode of the series. The episode is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the American comedy The Office, and ... he says.... his family, because that is what he most treasures.... Then dwight appoints jim as a new assistant to the regional manager... .. all in the office tell him that quitting is a foolish move, and that he has no chance of achieving stardom.... he says... his family, because it is the one thing he cares about most.... Darryl philbin (craig robinson) tells him that Athlead has found a buyer and wants to tour the country for three months... with undisguised regret, jim says he will not do the tour because he cannot put his wife... jenna fischer... ... he says... his family, because it is the one thing he most treasures.... Then dwight appoints jim as a new assistant in the Department of Marketing... Everyone in the office says that quitting is a foolish move, and that he has no chance of success... but, just after a few hours, andy realizes that he only sticks to his editor –@ mifflin job because it is safe, and because he has to become famous... he says... family, because it is the only thing he cares about... Andy, reluctant to give up his job and feared he would falter a second time, decides he cannot simply quit, but get fired. he said... family, because that is the only thing he cares about... In the meantime, angela martin (Angela Kinsey) is removed from her studio after the animals were removed from her. Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) tells him that Athlead has found a buyer and wants to tour the country for three months... with undisguised regret, jim says he won’t do the tour because he can’t put his wife... jenna fischer... and he says his family, because that’s what he cares about most... But in a few hours andy realizes that he’s sticking to his... editor’s job because it’s safe, because it has to be famous... he says his family, because it’s the only thing he cares about... This is difficult as he can’t avoid an offence more serious than getting on david’s car.... Then dwight’s appoints jim as a new assistant in the department of marketing. Everybody in the office says he’s making a mistake and has no hope of success... As she was looking for a place to live in the woods she considered a tent and asked oscar martinez (oscar nunez) to offer her to stay with him until she got up. In the meantime, Angela Kinsey (Angela Kinsey) was taken out of her studio after the animals had been removed. Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) told him that Athlead had found a buyer and was about to go off to the country for three months... with a few words of regret, jim says he won’t go on the tour because he can’t put his wife... jenna fischer... and he says his family, because that’s the only thing he cares about... Everyone in the office said he was making a mistake and he had no chance of success... But after a few hours andy understood that he was only going to his editor ’s job because it was safe and because it was a popular one... he said his family, because that’s what he cared about most... – then dwight appointed jim as a new assistant to the regional manager... Everyone in the office said he was making a mistake and that he had no chance of success... but after a few hours andy realized that he was only going to his editor’s job because it was safe and because it was a famous one... he said his family, because that’s what he cared about most... Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) told him that Athlead had found a buyer and was going to the country for three months... with undisguised regret, jim said that he wouldn’t go on the tour because he couldn’t put his wife... jenna fischer... and he said his family, because that’s what he cared about most... But in a few hours andy realizes that he’s sticking to his editor’s job because it’s safe, because it’s gonna be famous... he says his family because that’s what he cares about... ... And then dwight made a hire of jim, who immediately succeeded him in the job of vice president of the regional office. Everyone in the office said he was going to... and had no chance of success... but after a few hours andy understood that he was going to the editor’s job because it was safe and because it was popular... he said his family because it was the only thing he cared about... Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) told him that Athlead had found a buyer and was going to the country for three months..... with unwarranted regret, jim said that he wouldn’t go on the tour because he couldn’t put his wife... jenna fischer... and he said his family because it was the only thing he cared about... But in a few hours andy realized that he was only going to the editor’s job because it was safe and because it was popular... and he said his family because that was the only thing he cared about... And then dwight made jim a new assistant in the department of marketing... All the people in the department said that he was making a mistake and had no chance of success... Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) told him that Athlead had found a buyer and was going to the country for three months... with some remorse, jim said that he would not go on tour because he could not put his wife... and his family, because that was the only thing he cared about... In the meantime, Angela Martensen (Angela Kinsey) was taken out of her studio after the animals had been removed. No one in the office said he would not have succeeded if he had quitted, but was fired. And then dwight appoints jim as a new assistant in the Department of Marketing... Everyone in the department said that he would have failed, and that he would have failed if he had failed... But after a few hours andy understood that he would have succeeded in his deputy role as editor of the newspapers because it was safe and because it was famous... he had a family, because that was the one thing he cared about... oh, and so on... Athlead told him that he had found a buyer and was going to the country for three months... with an unmistakable regret jim said that he would not go on the tour because he could not put his wife... jenna fischer... and he said his family, because that was the one thing he cared about... Darryl Philbin (craig robinson) told him that Athlead had found a buyer and was going to the country for three months... with an unmistakable regret, jim said that he would not go on the tour because he could not put his wife... jenna fischer... and he said his family, because that was the one thing he cared about... After a few hours, andy understood that he was going to the editor because it was safe and because it was famous... he said his family because that was the only thing he cared about... It was difficult, since he couldn’t avoid a terrible incident like getting into David’s car... And then dwight hired jim, who immediately took over from him the post of a vice president in the region... Darryl Philbin (craig robinson) told him that Athlead had found a buyer and was going to the country for three months... with undisguised regret, jim said that he would not go on tour because he could not put his wife... jenna fischer... and he said his family because that was the only thing he cared about – on may 2, 2013 on nbc. – the finale might be longer. But there was a lot of great exposition and the story about 'Living in the dream' is one that deserved to be an hour long episode! – But the story about the 'Living in the dream' was very interesting, and it was good that it had to be a whole hour long episode. On May 2, 2013, nbc. “The LIVE IN THE DREAM” ran an estimated 334 million times, and received a ratings -... 5 in adults between 18 and 49. The broadcast was broadcast on May 2, 2013 on N.B. — this was to be the last episode. — But the story about the "Living in the Dream" was very interesting and therefore the whole episode deserved to be an hour long episode. On May 2, 2013, N.B. " Living in the Dream" ran a total of 334 million episodes, and earned a rating of... 5 in adults of 18 to 49. That makes one out of eight adults of 18 to 49... year olds, and 5 percent of 18 to 49... year olds. Then, on May 2, 2013, the N.B. show ‘The Living in the Dream’ aired for three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. That makes one out of eight adults 18 to 49, and one out of five adults 18 to 49. On May 2, 2013, the N.B. show ‘The Living in the Dream’ aired for three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. The show ranked third in its first half-hour; it was followed by a TV show by the cbs comedy ’ Two and a half men, which received a 3... 2... 2 rating and the popular show American idol, which received a 3... 2 rating... 4...’ And a lot of exposition; and the whole episode of ‘The Living in the Dream’ was deserved to be an hour long episode!... But the story of ‘The Living in the Dream’ was very interesting, and therefore it had to be an hour long episode. On May 2, 2013, the N.B. show “The Living in the Dream” lasted an estimated three34 million episodes and attracted a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. Then on May 2, 2013, the N.B. show “The Living in the Dream” lasted for three34 million episodes and attracted a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. That is, one out of eight adults 18 to 49, and one out of five adults 18 to 49. Then on May 2, 2013, the N.B. show “The Living in the Dream” lasted for three34 million episodes and attracted a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. And a lot of exposition, and the whole episode of “The Living in the Dream” was deserved to be an hour long episode! The first half-hour ranked fourth in its time slot, while the abc drama Grey’s anatomy scored a 3... 0... 0 rating, an episode of the cbs show Person of Interest received a 2... 0 rating, an episode of the fox series glee which got a 1... ” ‘The Living in the Dream’ ran for an estimated three34 million episodes and got a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. The show was broadcast on May 2, 2013 on N.B. The finale might have been longer. The first half hour ranked third, followed by a comedy show of the cbs called Two and a half men which got a 3... 2... 2 rating and the popular show American idol, which got a 3... 2 rating and a 4...’ On May 2, 2013 the N.B. show ‘The Living in the Dream’ ran an estimated three34 million episodes and earned a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. That means one out of eight adults 18 to 49 and one out of five adults 18 to 49. But the story about ‘The Living in the Dream’ was very interesting and it was right that it had to be an hour long episode. here a lot of exposition, and the whole episode ‘The Living in the Dream’ was deserved to be an hour long episode. On May 2, 2013 the N.B. show ‘The Living in the Dream’ ran for an estimated three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. On May 2, 2013 the N.B. show ‘The Living in the Dream’ ran for three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. That’s one out of eight people 18 to 49, and one out of five people 18 to 49. And a great deal of exposition and the whole episode about the "living in the dream" was deserved to be an hour long episode. On May 2, 2013, the N.B. show "The Living in the Dream" lasted for three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. The first half hour ranked third, followed by the cbs show " Two and a half," which received a 3... 2... 2 rating and the popular show American idol, which received a 3... 2 rating and a 4... "The Living in the dream" was a lot of exposition, and the whole episode "The Living in the dream" was a very long episode. On May 2, 2013, the N.B. show "The Living in the Dream" ran for three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. " The Living in the Dream" ran for three34 million episodes and attracted a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. On May 2, 2013, the N.B. show "The Living in the Dream" ran for three34 million episodes and received a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. The first half-hour was ranked fourth, followed by the comedy show The Two and a Half, which received a 3... 2... 2 rating and the popular TV show The American Immortal, which got a 3... 2 rating and a 4... ” And a lot of exposition, and the whole episode "The Living in the Dream" was deserved to be an hour long episode! The N.B. show The Living in the Dream ran for an estimated three34 million episodes and got a rating of... 5 in adults 18 to 49. she gave the episode a score of 8... “Kensie’s leading part in her storyline was praised as well, and said the last scenes of her story with oscar “puzzled me so much.”.... She called the episode an “everything but paid for”... She rated the episode a 'as good as it was,' and called it 'as good as anything.'... She said that the whole episode was "without a penny, it was a very good one."... The giant of television, who did not feel sorry, gave the episode a 'a-' and wrote that, 'as a rule, all people are having their best day in a long time, and they are enjoying the best office episode for a long time...' ... She rated the episode a "well, everything but paid for"... She rated the episode a "very good" and called it a "very good"... a major critic of television, who did not feel sorry, gave the episode an a- and wrote that all people, for the most part, have their best day of the day for a long time, and the best of offices. "... " In the end, Kristin's performance, which was much praised, she called it "yellow", and the last scenes of the drama "amazed me so much"... nick campbell of tv.com complimented the sentimental elements of the episode, especially between jim, pam, and dwight. He was happy with the reconciliation of jim and pam, but "it was rather hollow for them to reunite.... " She rated the episode a ‘good’ and called it ‘good’... A major critic of television, who didn’t feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘most people generally have their best day of the day long and their best office dramas for a long time.’ She rated the episode a ‘good’ and called it ‘a good episode’... The episode was rated ‘very good’ and rated it ‘very good’... a big critic of television, who didn’t feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that, ‘in general, everyone has his best day of the day and is having the best office drama for a long time.’... a major critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘all people have their best day of the day for a long time, and all offices are...’ nick campbell of tv.com praised the sentimental elements of the episode, especially between jim and pam, but he felt that jim and pam’s relationship had “grown” “more sombre” than usual... He was pleased with the reconciliation of jim and pam, but it was ‘too inconvenient for them to meet.’ She rated the episode a ‘good’ and rated it a ‘good’... a giant critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘it’s usual for all people to have their best day of the day for a long time, and that’s... a great critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘in general everyone has his best day of the day for a long time, and that all offices have its best office drama’... nick campbell of tv.com complimented the sentimental elements of the episode, especially between jim and dwight, but felt that jim and dwight’s relationship had ‘grown’ more ‘wretched’ than usual... he was pleased with the reconciliation of jim and dwight, but ‘it was too inconvenient for them to meet.’ She called the episode ‘very good’ and called it ‘very good’... a major critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘all people generally have their best day of the day for a long time, and all offices are...’ She called the episode ‘well, everything, everything, but paid for’... a big critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘most people have their best day of the day long and their best office drama for a long time’... The episode was rated ‘very good’ and called ‘very good’... a big critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an ‘a’ and wrote that ‘most people have their best day of the day long and their best office dramas for a long time’... She rated the episode a “good” and rated it a “good”... A great critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that “everyone has their best day of the day for a long time and all offices have their best drama”... “The leading part in the storyline, praised by him, was praised by him, and he said the last scene in the story with Oscar was a “shocking” one... He was happy with the reconciliation of jim and dwight, but it was “too unbearable” for them to meet....” She rated the episode as “good” and called it “good”.... A major critic of television, who did not feel sorry, gave the episode an a and wrote that all people generally have their best day of the day for a long time and that...” a big critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that “all people generally have their best day of the day for a long time and that all offices are...” She rated the episode “good” and called it “good”.... a giant critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that “all people generally have their best day of the day for a long time and that all offices are...”.... The episode was rated “very good” and called “very good”.... a great critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that “everybody has his best day of the day for a long time and all offices are... ” astonished him with the reconciliation of jim and dwight, but it was "too unnecessary for them to meet..... She called the episode "good" and called it "good"... a giant critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "all people have their best day of the day for a long time, and all offices have their best drama"... She rated the episode "good" and called it "good"... a giant critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "all people have their best day of the day for a long time, and that..." The episode was rated "good" and called it "good"... a great critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "everyone has their best day of the day for a long time and all offices are..." a major critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "everyone has their best day of the day for a long time and all offices are... " The drama was rated "good" and called "good"... A big critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "everyone has his best day of the day for a long time and all offices are..." - "The leading role in the storyline, praised by him, was praised by him, and said that the last scene in the story with Oscar was "amazing"... he was pleased with the reconciliation of jim and dwight, but "it was too painful" for them to meet... - a giant critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "in general all people have their best day of the day for a long time, and all offices are..." a great critic of television, who did not feel sorry for himself, gave the episode an a and wrote that "all people have their best day of the day for a long time and all offices are..."