 The hemmema (from the finnish hameenmaa, in short, thestia) was a warship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy during the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema was originally developed for use against the Russian navy in the archipelago and on the coasts of svealand and finland. It was designed by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721 – 1808) in collaboration with augustin ehrensvard (1710 – 1772) an artillery officer and later commander of the Swedish archipelago fleet. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenmaa, in short, thestia) was a warship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy during the 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1810) and by augustin ehrensvard (1710-1822), artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago fleet. He was a special ship used in shallow waters and narrow passages surrounding the thousands of islands and islets that stretched from the swedish capital of stockholm to the gulf of finland. The Hemmema replaced the galleys, which were the base of the swedish archipelago fleets up to the mid-18th century. The Hemmema replaced the galleys, which had been the base of the swedish archipelago fleets from the mid-18th century onward. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a warship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema was designed by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1810) and by augustin ehrensvard (1710-1822), artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. It was a special ship used in shallow waters and narrow passages surrounding the thousands of islands and islets that surrounded the cities of stockholm to the gulf of finland. The hemmema replaced the galleys, which had been the base of the archipelago fleets from the mid--18th century. oden, the first hemmema, was relatively small and similar to a turuma, a different type of "archipelago frigate"... oden, the first hemmema, was relatively small and very similar to a turuma, a different type of "archipelago frigate"... oden, the first hemmema, was relatively small and very similar to a turuma, a different type of "archipelago frigate"... oden, the first hemmema, was relatively small and very similar to a turuma, a different type of "archipelago frigate"..., he was a special ship used in shallow waters and narrow passages in the thousands of islands and islets that surrounded the city of stockholm to the gulf of finland. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1810) and augustin ehrensvard (1710-182), artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. The hemmema replaced the galleys, which had been the base of the archipelago fleets from the mid-18th century. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, the stia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1810) and by augustin ehrensvard (1710-182) an artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. The hemmema was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1810) and augustin ehrensvard (1710-182), artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. He was a special ship used in shallow waters and narrow passages around the thousands of islands and islets that surrounded the capital of stockholm to the gulf of finland. The hemmema replaced the galleys, which had been the base of the archipelago fleets since the middle of the 18th century. Hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1808) and by augustin ehrensvard (1710-1772), artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. He was a special ship used in shallow waters and narrow passages around the thousands of islands and islets that stretched from the Swedish capital of stockholm to the gulf of finland. It was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721) and by augustin ehrensvard (1710-182) an artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. He was a special ship used in shallow waters and narrow passages around thousands of islands and islets surrounding the capital of stockholm to the gulf of finland. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema (from the finnish hameenma, in short, thestia) was a ship built for the Swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the 18th and early 19th centuries. The hemmema was built by the prolific and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman (1721-1810) and by augustin ehrensvard (1710-182) an artillery officer and commander of the Swedish archipelago. The hemmema was replaced by the galleys, which had been the base of the archipelago fleets since the mid-century. The hemme The swedes began to launch offshore a fleet of deep draft vessels, which arose with smaller versions of the medieval mediterranean galleys. The new vessels were more like galiots, and complemented by gun-carts. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft vessels which arose, as a consequence of the small, medieval mediterranean galleys. They were more like galleys, and were accompanied by guns. The galleys were very effective for amphibious operations, but they were badly under-gunned, especially for their large crews. For a galley with a crew of 250 persons, most of whom were sailors, it typically carried one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon, all in the bow., the galleys were also very short of decks and equipped with adequate shelter for the rowers, many of whom died from exposure during the war of 1741 to 43. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; these vessels were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The galleys were very effective for amphibious operations, but they were badly under-gunned, especially for their large crews. For a galley with a crew of 250 people, mostly sailors, it would carry one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow, and these galleys were also very short of decks and provided with adequate shelter for rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. After the Russian victory over Sweden in 1743, the swedes formed a commission to improve the defense of the eastern shores... in 1747 the commission determined that the fortifications of the southeastern finland needed to be strengthened and expanded, and that sweden needed to build a strong coastal navy... The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep-drawn boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; these vessels were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The galleys were very effective for amphibious operation, but they were badly under-gunned, especially for their large crews. For a galley with 250 people, most of them sailors, it usually carried one 24-inch cannon and two six-inch cannon in the bow; these galleys were also very short of decks and equipped with adequate shelter for the rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep-draft vessels, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys, more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep-draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The galleys were very effective for the amphibious, but they were under-gunned, especially for the large crews. For a galley with a crew of 250 people, most of whom were sailors, it would carry a 24-inch cannon and two 6-inch cannon in the bow, and these galleys were also very short of decks and adapted to the rowers, many of whom died during the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to build a fleet of deep draft boats, which arose in consequence of the small medieval mediterranean galleys. The galleys were very effective for amphibious warfare, but they were badly under-gunned, especially for the large crews. For a galley with a crew of 250, most of whom were sailors, it usually carried one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow, and these galleys were also very short of decks and equipped with sufficient shelter for the rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep-draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The galleys were very effective for the amphibious, but they were very poorly equipped, especially for their large crews. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep-draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The galleys were very effective for the amphibious, but they were very poorly equipped, especially for their large crews. A galley with a crew of 250, mostly sailors, carried a cannon and two six-inch cannon in the bow, and this, too, was very short of decks and provided with adequate shelter for the rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys, more like galleys and accompanied by guns. For a galley with a crew of 250 people, mostly sailors, it usually carried one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow, and these galleys were also very short and equipped with sufficient shelter for the rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to build a fleet of deep draft boats, which arose from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys. They were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to build a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. For a galley with 250 people, most of whom were sailors, it usually carried one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow, and these galleys were also very short of decks and equipped with enough shelter for the rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. For a galley with 250 people, most of whom were sailors, it usually carried one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow, and these galleys were also very short of decks and equipped with enough shelter for the rowers, many of whom died in the war of 1741 and 43. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. The swedes began to launch a fleet of deep draft boats, derived from the small medieval Mediterranean galleys; they were more like galleys and accompanied by guns. For a galley with 250 people, mostly sailors, it usually carries one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon, and this, too, is very short and comfortable for the rowers, many of whom died in The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom king gustav iii governed with the patronage and patronage of king gustav iii, who had established himself as an absolute monarch in the 1772 coup... After the poor results of the galleys in the russo-swedish war of 1741-43 and the pomeranian war (1757-62), the search for replacements became a priority... The fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who had established himself as an absolute monarch in the 1772 coup... In the case of the pomeranian war, trials were made with "gunpowders" (skottpramar), heavily armed, oar-driven, flat-bottomed barges with a shallow draft, which carried guns in broadside. In the case of the pomeranian war, trials were made with "gunpowders" (skottpramar) which were heavily armed, oar-driven, flat-bottomed, with a shallow draft and carried guns in broadside arrangements. Augustin ehrensvard argued for new archipelago ships which combined firepower, maneuverability, seaworthiness and comfortable crews. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who had established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. The fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who had established himself as an absolute monarch in the 1772 coup... In the case of the pomeranian war, the trials were conducted with "gunpowders" (skottpramar), heavily armed, flat-bottomed barges with a shallow draft, which carried guns in a broadside. In the case of the pomeranian war, the trials were conducted with "gunpowders" (skottpramar), which were heavily armed, oar-driven, flat-bottomed barges with a shallow draft, and carried guns in the broadside. The fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in the 1772 coup... a successful cooperation with shipwright Fredrik henrik chapman (ennobled af chapman in 1772), and together they developed five new vessels: a gunboat with a 12 @-pounder gun and a schooner rigging, and four types of "archipelago frigates" (skargardsfregatter) in swedish and english history, though some authors call them "archipelago frigates" (archipelago frigates) all four types are called "archipelago frigates" (archipelagosfregatter) in swedish and english historical literature, although some authors have called them "archipelago corvettes" (archipelago corvettes) in swedish and english historical literature all four are called "archipelago-fregatter" (archipelago-fregatter) in swedish and english historical literature, although some authors have called the smaller udema and pojama as "archipel The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. After the poor results of the galleys in the russo-swedish wars of 1741 and 1753 and the pomeranian war of 1757 and 62, it became necessary to seek for replacements. In the pomeranian war, the trials were conducted with “gun powder” (skottpramar), heavily armed, flat-bottomed barges with a shallow draft, and carrying guns in the broadside. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. In the pomeranian war, the trials were conducted with “gun powder” (skottpramar), heavily armed, flat-bottomed barges with a shallow draft, and carried guns in the broadside. In the case of the pomeranian war, the trials were conducted with “gun powder” (skottpramar), heavily armed, flat-bottomed, barges with a shallow draft and guns in the broadside. The naval fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. In the 1771-78 season, the Royal Navy, equipped with the equivalent of the sixth-grade rate, had oar ports beneath the gun deck. In the 1660s, its successor, the Royal Navy, was equipped with the equivalent of the sixth-grade rate with oar ports in the gun deck. After the poor results of the galleys in the Russian wars of 1741 and 1753 and the pomeranian war of 1757 and 62, it was necessary to seek for replacements. In the Russian war, the trials were conducted with "gun powder", shot from the stern. In the pomeranian war, the trials were shot from the stern, shot from the bottom and carried guns from the bow. In the pomeranian war, the trials were shot from the stern, shot from the side, shot from the stern. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. The sea-a-coach attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. After the poor results of the galleys in the russo-swedish war of 1741 and 1753, and in the pomeranian war of 1757 and 62, the search for replacements became a priority. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. In the russo-swedish wars of 1741 and 1753 and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, the search for replacements became a priority. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. The landslide fleet attracted members of the social and cultural elite, whom King gustav governed with the patronage and patronage of King gustav, who established himself as an absolute monarch in 1772. In the 1771-78 season the Royal Navy, equipped , and consequently, the designs for new ships were not based on those principles, but on archipelago warfare.... For the naval commander... commanders... so that the new ship design was based on those principles, but on adaptations to archipelago warfare... , and so the new ships of the archipelago were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... So that the new ship design was not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare.... For the naval commander... for the commander... so that the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... and therefore the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... And consequently the new ships of the archipelago were not based on those principles but on archipelago warfare... and therefore the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... so that the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... - for the naval commander... for the commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the commander... so that the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... And so the new ships of the archipelago were not based on those principles, but on archipelago warfare. For the naval commander... for the commander... so that the new ship designs were not based on these principles, but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the commander... so that the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... So that the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... and therefore the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... At an angle of 2 feet, at a height of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at a depth of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at a draft of 2 feet, at a height of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at a height of 2 m ( 9 ft ) wide, with a draft of 2 ft, at a depth of 2 ft, at a depth of 2 ft, at a depth of 2 m ( 9 ft), at a depth of 2 ft, at a depth of 2 ft, at a depth of 2 ft, at the depth of 2 ft (25 ft ),, so that the new ships of the archipelago were not based on these principles, but on archipelago warfare, and therefore the new ships of the archipelago were not based on these principles, but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... It had three masts, rigged at first with latex sails, like a galley. Then the naval commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... so the new ships... the victory... the deed... As a result, the new ships of the archipelago were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... So the new ships of the archipelago were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander For the naval commander... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... For the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs were not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs are not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs are not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs are not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship designs are not based on these principles but on archipelago warfare... for the naval commander... for the new ship design... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... for the commander... the commander... At an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, at an angle of 2 feet, Then the naval commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... the commander... - " pounders" and two 12" pounders, which increased the draft by about 30 cm (one foot). The addition of diagonal bracers to the hull gave the later hemmemas more powerful guns than those on the largest sailing frigates of the high seas. The naval historian jan glete has described the hemmemas as'super archipelago frigates.' The addition of diagonal braces to the hull made the later hemmemas more powerful than those on the largest sailing ships of the high seas. The latter, though considerably larger, were heavier, and had more power than the turuma. " Hens" and two 12" hens, which made the draft by one-third (one foot) a whole foot. The naval historian Jan glete has described the hemmemas as "the big archipelago frigates". – “Computers” and two 12” sledges, which increased the draft by about 30 cm (one foot). – “Hens” and two 12” sledges, which increased the draft by about half a foot. The naval historian Jan glete has described the hemmemas as “big archipelago frigates.” The addition of diagonal braces to the hull made the later hemmemas more powerful than those on the largest sea-sailers of the high seas. – “Hens” and two 12” hens, which made the draft by one-third of one foot a whole foot. - The naval historian Jan glete has described the hemmemas as “big archipelago frigates.” – “The big archipelago frigates” – “the big archipelago frigates”. – The main ships and the two 12’ sledges, which made the draft by one-third of a foot. The hemmemas fought in the first and second battles of svensksund – ‘the great archipelago frigates’ – ‘the great archipelago frigates’ – ‘the great archipelago frigates’ – ‘the great archipelago frigates’. ‘ The hemmemas’ and the two 12’ sledges, which made the draft by one-third of a foot. The addition of diagonal braces to the hull gave the later archipelago frigates more powerful guns than those on the largest ships of the high seas. The former, though a great deal larger, were heavier and possessed more firepower than the turuma. The naval historian Jan glete described the archipelago frigates as ‘big archipelago frigates’. The ‘hens’ and two 12” hens, which increased the draft by one-third of a foot, were added to the draft by a factor of about half a foot. The swedes had three more hemmemas at the fortress of sveaborg when it was surrendered to the Russians in 1808, and all three were incorporated in the Russian Navy. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund. The naval historian Jan glete has called them “the large archipelago frigates.” The hemmemas were fought in the first and second battles of Svensksund, “the great archipelago frigates”, “the great archipelago frigates,” “the great archipelago frigates”, “the great archipelago frigates,” “the great archipelago frigates”, “the great archipelago frigates”; “the great archipelago frigates”; “hens” and two 12” hens, which made the draft by one-third of a foot. The addition of diagonal braces to the hull gave the later archipelago frigates more powerful guns than those on the largest ships of the high seas. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, the naval historian Jan glete described them as “the great archipelago frigates.” The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, “the great archipelago frigates,” “the great archipelago frigates”—the “great archipelago frigates”; the hemmemas and the two 12” sledges, which increased the draft by a factor of half a foot. The naval historian Jan glete described the archipelago frigates as “big archipelago frigates.” The addition of diagonal braces to the hull made the later archipelago frigates more powerful than those on the largest sea-sailers of the seas. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund. The naval historian Jan glete described the hemmemas as ‘big archipelago frigates’. ‘Hens’ and two 12’ hens, which increased the draft by a third of a foot. ‘The hemmemas’ and two 12’ hens, which increased the draft by a third of a foot. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, the naval historian Jan glete described them as ‘big archipelago frigates’. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, ‘the great archipelago frigates’, ‘the great archipelago frigates’, ‘the great archipelago frigates’, ‘the great archipelago frigates’; ‘hens’ and two 12’ hens, ‘which increased the draft by one-third of a foot.’ The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, ‘the great archipelago frigates’; ‘the great archipelago frigates’; ‘hens’ and two 12’ hens, which increased the draft by one-third of a foot. The addition of diagonal braces to the hull made the later archipelago frigates more powerful than those on the largest ships of the seas. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, the naval historian Jan glete described them as ‘the great archipelago frigates’. The addition of diagonal braces to the hull made the later archipelago frigates more powerful than those on the largest ships of the seas. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, ‘the great archipelago frigates’ – ‘the great archipelago frigates’ – ‘the great archipelago frigates’. The hemmemas were used in the first and second battles of Svensksund, ‘the great arch ... ships... so many in the Arctic, they were strong enough to wreak havoc in an enemy galley, but that did not happen in actual combat, so that the strategic role was untested.... the Swedish ships... the swedish hemmemas were all built to the same specifications, except for the earliest design oden, and the birger jarl and erik segersall carried heavier armies than the others... ships... so many in the arctic, they were strong enough to wreck a enemy galley, but that didn’t happen in actual combat, so the strategic role was not tested... tredrea and sozaev list oden as a turuma, rebuilt as a hemmema in 1784, but oscar nikula and lars - otto berg do not... The Swedish ships... the swedish hemmema were all built to the same specification, except for the oldest design of oden, and birger jarl and eriksson carried heavier armies than the others... the russian vessels were built between 1808 and 1823, and were described by tredea and sozaev as a class of rudder boats – ‘rudder ships’. In the Russian Navy the Russian vessels were built between 1808 and 1823 and were described by tredea and sozaev as bodryi – ‘butterfly’ class. But this was not the case in actual combat, so that the strategy was not tested... tredrea and sozaev name oden as a turuma, rebuilt as a hemmema in 1784, but oscar nikula and lars – otto berg did not...