 (pril 19 1893 - June 12, 1979) was a british suffragette, labor activist and local councillor... She was born in scotland, and was awarded a scholarship to train as a teacher. The family's finances prevented her from becoming a teacher, and she was made a housewife at the age of fifteen. she was a british suffragette, a labor activist, and a suffragette. She was born in Scotland, and received a scholarship to become a teacher. She was not able to go into the teaching profession, and she was made a housewife at the age of fifteen. She later got involved in the state and local political parties, and became elected to parliament, and was a candidate in the general election. She had been involved in national labour affairs since she was a child, and her involvement in national labour was evident in parties like the independent workers' party and the women's social and political union. She went to the United States and Canada, where she held meetings with the public, including English migrant workers. She was a british suffragette, a labor activist and a suffragette. She was born in Scotland and was awarded a scholarship to become a teacher. She was not able to become a teacher and was made a housewife at the age of fifteen. After moving to bristol, she became the first woman president of the bristol mercantiles. She had been involved in national labor affairs from childhood, and her involvement in national labour was obvious in parties such as the independent workers' party and the women's social and political union. She was appointed mbe in 1977 and a blue plaque in bristol. She had been involved in national affairs from the time she was a child, and her involvement in national affairs was also expressed in the names of the national associations, such as the independent workers' union and the women's social and political union. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher. She was unable to become a teacher, and she was made a housewife at the age of fifteen. She had been a member of the national party since her childhood, and her membership in the national party was clearly visible in parties such as the independent workers’ party and the women’s social and political union. She was a british suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher. She was not able to become a teacher, and was made a housewife at fifteen. She went to the United States and Canada, where she held public meetings, including English migrant workers. She was a british suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She had been a member of national labour since she was a child, and her involvement in national labour was evident in parties like the Independent Labour Party and the Women’s Social and Political Union. She was appointed mbe in 1977 and a blue plaque in bristol. She was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a suffragette. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she was unable to become a teacher, and at the age of fifteen she became a housewife. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher. She was not able to become a teacher, and was made a housewife at the age of fifteen. She had been a member of the national party since she was a child, and her involvement in national politics was reflected in the parties of the independent workers' party and the women's social and political party. She had been a member of the national party from childhood, and her participation in national politics was reflected in the parties of the independent workers' party and the women's social and political party. She went to the United States and Canada, where she held public meetings, including English workers. She was a british suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher. She was not able to become a teacher, and was made a housewife at fifteen. She was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was a member of national labour from her childhood, and her membership in the labour movement was clear in parties like the independent workers' union and the women's social and political union. She went to the United States and Canada, where she held public meetings, including English migrant workers. She was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher. She could not become a teacher, and was made a housewife at fifteen. - she was a british suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she could not become a teacher, and at the age of fifteen she became a housewife. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she could not become a teacher and at the age of fifteen was made a housewife. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she was not able to become a teacher, and she became a housewife at fifteen. She was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette; she was a suffragette, a suffragette; she was a suffragette, a suffragette; she was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher, but she was not able to become a teacher, and at fifteen she became a housewife. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she was not able to become a teacher, and at fifteen she became a housewife. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she could not become a teacher, and was made a housewife at fifteen. She was a british suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette; she was a member of the national party since her childhood, and her participation in national politics was evident in parties like the independent workers' party and the women's social and political union. She went to the United States and Canada, where she held public meetings, including English immigrants. She was born in Scotland and received a scholarship to become a teacher; she was unable to become a teacher, and at fifteen she became a housewife. She moved to bristol, and became the first woman in the world to be president of the bristol business chamber. She was born in A Scottish suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette. She was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, she was a suffragette, a suffragette, she was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, she was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette She was a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suffragette, a suff At this time, the attack on the pillars of glasgow in feb 1913, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow to London, where she was called "one of the most active members" (in 1916) of the workers' federation. in april 1919, stephen was one of a few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people in the trafalgar square against the German blockade. .. In January 1913, during the attack on the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London, where she was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. At that time, after the attack on the pillars of glasgow in feb 1913, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called “one of the most active members of the workers’ federation” (in 1916). In the 1920s she visited the united states and held public meetings with immigrant communities of scotland and wales. Other speakers were emmeline pethick— lawrence, and theodora wilson—theodora. In January 1913, during the attack on the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London, and was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1919, in the middle years of the 1920s, she visited the united states and held public meetings with the immigrant communities of Scotland and Wales. Other speakers were emmeline pethick-lawrence and theodora wilson-theodora. In the 1920s she visited the united states and held public meetings with the immigrant communities of scotland and wales. In 1919, in the square of the trafalgar, stephen was one of a few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German blockade. In addition, in feb 1913, after the attack on the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In January 1913, at the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called ‘one of the most active members of the workers’ federation’ in 1916. In the 1920s she visited the united states and held public meetings with the immigrant communities of Scotland and Wales. In January 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called ‘one of the most active members of the workers’ federation’ in 1916. In 1919, in the square of the Trafalgar, stephen was one of a few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In the middle of the 1920s, she visited the united states and held public meetings with the immigrant communities of Scotland and Wales. In January 1913, during the attack on the Trafalgar, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called ‘one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1913, during the attack on the Trafalgar, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow and was called ‘one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1920, in the middle years of the 1920s, she visited the united states and held public meetings with immigrant communities of Scotland and Wales. Other speakers were emmeline pethick-lawrence and theodora wilson-theodora. In 1919, at the Proclamation of the Trafalgar, Stephen was one of a few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German blockade. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, in the quay of trave trafalgar, stephen was one of the few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German blockade. In the middle of the 1920s, she visited the united states and held public meetings with the immigrants of Scotland and Wales. In January 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London, and called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1913, after the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, at the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, in the square of the Trafalgar, Stephen was one of a few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1919, at the Proclamation of the Trafalgar, Stephen was one of a few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1913, during the attack on the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by sylvia pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In the 1920s, she visited the united states and held public meetings with the immigrants of scotland and wales. After the attack on the pillars of glasgow in feb 1913, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London, and called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1913, after the pillars of glasgow was attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, in the square of trave trafalgar, stephen was one of the few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1913, after the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, at the square of trave trafalgar, stephen was one of the few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1913, after the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, at the square of trave trafalgar, stephen was one of the few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' federation in 1916. In 1919, at the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers' feder And in the middle of the 1920s she visited the United States and held public meetings with the immigrants of Scotland and Wales. In January 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow and called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1919, at the pillars of glasgow, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow and called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow for London and was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow and was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, who left glasgow and was called one of the most active members of the workers’ federation in 1916. In 1919, in the square of trafalgar, Stephen was one of the few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1919, in the square of trafalgar, Stephen was one of the few speakers who spoke to a crowd of about 10, 000 people at the German quay. In 1913, when the pillars of glasgow were attacked, stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst, ...