 The west hendford cricket ground, yeovil. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to host yeovil rugby club in 1890, and again from 1935 to the closure. Many important improvements were made in the 1930s, notably the opening of a new pavilion, a joint venture of the rugby and cricket clubs. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to house yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. Various important improvements took place in the 1930s, the most significant of which was the opening of a new pavilion, a joint venture of the rugby and cricket clubs. During 1935 and 1939, the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in the month of July or august of somerset, of which the first was to almost break the county record for sales of tickets at the gate. From 1935 to 1939, the ground hosted five Anarchist county cricket matches in july and august, the first of which almost broke the county record for ticket sales at the gates. The only match that somerset won was in 1936, against the worcestershires. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to house yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. Various improvements were made in the 1930s, the most important of which was the construction of a new pavilion, a joint venture of rugby and cricket. During 1935 and 1939, the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in July or august of somerset, of which the first was to beat the county record for ticket sales at the gate. The only match that somerset won was in 1936 against the county of Worcester. Then, in 1874, the club was reformed as yeovil cricket club, but a less exclusive name was chosen, so as to go by yeovil cricket club. There was a game at the west hendford cricket ground, yeovil. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. The ground was used for various other sports, the first of which was to house yeovil rugby in 1890 and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to house yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to house yeovil rugby in 1890 and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. Various improvements were made in the 1930s, the most important of which was the construction of a new pavilion, a joint venture between the rugby and cricket clubs. In 1935 and 1939, the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August of somerset, of which the first was to almost break the county record for the number of tickets sold at the gates. The only match that somerset won was in 1936 against the county of Worcester. From 1935 to 1939, the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August of somerset, of which the first was to break the county record for ticket sales. The club was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to put on yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. The club was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. The club was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to put on yeovil rugby in 1890 and again from 1935 to the end. In the late 19th century the football club played on an irregular basis in west hendford, but in 1935 they switched to rugby and changed their name to yeovil. In 1935 and 1939 the club played five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August of somerset, of which the first of all was to beat the county record for ticket sales at the gate. The only game that somerset won was in 1936 against Worcester. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. The ground was used for various other sports, the first of which was to play yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. The ground was used for various other sports, the first of which was to play yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. In 1935 and 1939, the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August of somerset, and the first to beat the county record for ticket sales. The only game that somerset won was in 1936 against Worcester. In the late 19th century, the football club played in West hendford on a regular basis, but in 1935 they switched to rugby and changed their name to yeovil. In 1935 and 1939 the club played five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August somerset, of which the first was to beat the county record for tickets sold at the gate. The only game that somerset won was in 1936 against Worcester. The club was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. The club was used for various other sports, the first of which was to play yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to play yeovil rugby in 1890 and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to play yeovil rugby in 1890 and again from 1935 to the end. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. The ground was used for various other sports, the first of which was to play yeovil rugby in 1890 and again from 1935 to the end. Then in 1874 the club was reformed as yeovil cricket club, but the name was changed to yeovil cricket club. In 1935 and 1939 the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August somerset, and the first of which was to break the county record for ticket sales. The only game somerset won was in 1936 against Worcester. The ground was built by yeovil cricket club in 1874. It was used for various other sports, the first of which was to put on yeovil rugby in 1890, and again from 1935 to the end. In 1935 and 1939 the ground hosted five anarchist county cricket matches in July or August somerset, and the first to break the county record for ticket sales. The only game somerset won was in 1936 against Worcester. It was one of five first-class tournaments that were held in 1935.... The match against surrey was an important event in the town, and the party, with the three-hundred-ruble national contest, was held in conjunction with the three-hundred-ruble national contest, which was held at the place, with a dance and a cigar-smoking party. The match against surrey was a very important occasion in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held in conjunction with the three-hundred-ruble national competition, which was held at the place. The consumption of this match was instrumental in extending the stadium and adding more seats. The next year, somerset took on Worcestershire in what the aztecs called a 'yeovil cricket festival.' The fight against surrey was a very important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held in conjunction with the three-hundred-ruble national tournament, which was held at the venue. It was one of five first-class tournaments that were held in 1935... The game against surrey was a very important one in the town, and the party, with the three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held in conjunction with the three-hundred-ruble national tournament, which was held in the place. The attendance was a little lower than the previous year, due to the poor weather, but still described as gratifying. In 1937 sussex defeated somerset in a match that again drew a crowd of 5,, 000. ... In 1938 sussex was beaten by somerset in a match that again attracted five, 000 people. The next year somerset took on Worcestershire in what the Aztecs called a “yeovil cricket festival”. It was one of five first-class tournaments held in 1935... The battle against surrey was an important occasion in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held in conjunction with the three-hundred-ruble national tournament, which was held at the venue. The fight against surrey was a very important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The evening paper described the wicket as crumbling towards the end of the match, favored by the bowlers. It was one of five first-class tournaments held in 1935. The game against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held in conjunction with the three-hundred-ruble national tournament. The guests were a little lower than the previous year, due to the poor weather, but still praised as very gratifying. The fight against surrey was a very important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. It was one of five first-class tournaments held in 1935... In 1937, sussex was beaten by somerset in a match that again attracted five, 000. In 1938, sussex was defeated by somerset in a match that attracted five, 000. The evening paper described the wicket as crumbling towards the end of the match, which was favored by the bowlers. The next year, somerset took on Worcestershire in what the Aztecs called a ‘Yeovil cricket festival’. The game against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The guests were a little lower than the previous year, due to the poor weather, but were very gratifying. The fight against surrey was a very important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The evening paper reported that the wicket deteriorated towards the end of the match, which the bowlers favored. The party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The battle against surrey was a very important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The guests were a little lower than the previous year, due to the poor weather, but were still praised as gratifying. The battle against surrey was a very important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The match against surrey was an important event in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. And the event torches was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The event torches was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The fight against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The next year, somerset took on Worcestershire, in what the Aztecs called a "Yeovil cricket festival". In 1937, somerset beaten somerset, again attracted five, 000 people. The game against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The evening paper said that the wicket crumbled towards the end of the match, which was favored by the bowlers. The event of the fight against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The guests were a little lower than the previous year, due to the rain, but still praised as gratifying. The next year, somerset took on Worcestershire in what the Aztecs called a "Yeovil cricket festival". The fight against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The fight against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The game against surrey was very important in the town, and the party, a three-hundred-ruble national tournament, was held at the venue. The evening paper described the wicket as falling off at the end of the match, which the bowlers favored. The evening paper described the wicket as falling off at the end of the match, which the bowlers favored. The next year, somerset took on Worcestershire in what the Aztecs called a 'Yeovil cricket festival'. The cricket club also moved to johnson park, amalgamating itself into yeovil sports club. In 1948, the rugby club also moved to johnson park, and the rugby club amalgamated itself into the yeovil sports club. After a short break, somerset county cricket club returned to yeovil, playing fourteen matches at johnson park from 1951 to 1970, and eight matches at the west-lands stadium from 1971 to 1978. In 1948 the rugby club also moved to johnson park, and the rugby club was amalgamated with the yeovil sports club. After a short break, the somerset county cricket club returned to yeovil, playing fourteen matches at johnson park from 1951 to 1970 and eight matches at the West-Land Stadium from 1971 to 1978. In 1938 the most wickets bowled in a match at Westhendford was taken by hampshire, when stuart boyes took twelve wickets, including nine in the first innings... In 1948 the rugby club also moved to johnson park and the rugby club was amalgamated with yeovil sports club. The cricket club also moved to johnson park and yeovil sports club amalgamated. In 1938, the most wickets sunk in Westhendford was taken by hampshire, when stuart boyes made twelve wickets, nine in the first innings. In 1948, the rugby club also moved to johnson park, and the rugby club amalgamated with yeovil sports club. During the short period, somerset county cricket club returned to yeovil, playing fourteen matches at johnson park from 1951 to 1970, and eight matches at the west-lands stadium from 1971 to 1978.