 krak des chevaliers (English: krak de valje ; arabic: ) is a crusader castle in syria and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In 1142, it was given to the hospitaller raymond, count of Tripoli, by the Count of Troy. [______] It was built in the 11th century by a camp of kurdish troops dispatched by the mirdasids, and was thus known as hisn al - - - - - akrad (  ), the city of kurds, namely —(Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic:    ] - ____________, and formerly the castle of the devils. ‘Krak des chevaliers’ (English: Krak des chevaliers ; arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In 1142, it was given to the hospitaller raymond, the count of Tripoli, by the Count of Troy. It was built in the 11th century by the kurdish troops of the mirdasids and was called hisn al – al – akrad (), the city of kurds, namely – ____________. It remained in their possession until the fall of 1271. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 1140s and was completed by 1170 when an earthquake shattered the castle. ... [16] Originally the capital of the devils, he was once a prisoner of the gods. The krak des chevaliers (English: Krak de valje; arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In 1142, it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. In 1142, it was given to the hospitaller raymond, the count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. - Krak des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic) - ___________, and formerly the castle of the devils. - The krak des chevaliers (English: Krak des chevaliers, arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 11th century and completed it in 1170, when a earthquake shattered the castle. The krak des chevaliers (English: Krak des chevaliers; arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. It was built in the 11th century by a camp of kurdish troops, and was called hisn al-al-akrad (), the city of kurds, which was – – _______. It remained in their possession until 1271. In 1142 it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. In 1142 it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 11th century and was completed in 1170, when a earthquake broke the castle.... During the first half of the century the castle of krak des chevaliers housed a garrison of about two,... at its height it had a garrison of around two,... ay... krak des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: krak de valje, arabic) [In German: krak des chevaliers][3] was a crusader castle in syria and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. The krak des chevaliers (English: Krak des chevaliers; arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. It was built in the 11th century by a camp of kurdish troops of the mirdasids, and was called hisn al-al-akrad, the city of kurds, which is... _______. The krak des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. The krak des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic) is a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In 1142, it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. In 1142, it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 11th century and completed it in 1170, when an earthquake shattered the castle. During the first half of the century, the castle of krak des chevaliers had two garrisons, at its height, it had two garrisons, ay, ay... The krak des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic) was a crusader castle in syria and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 11th century, and completed it in the 1170s, when an earthquake broke the castle. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 11th century and was completed in the 1170s, when a earthquake broke the castle. _______________, formerly the castle of the devils. [The First Half of the Century] The Kok des Chemi-gyars [Kak des Chemi-gyars] was a crusader castle in syria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In 1142 it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. The Kok des Chemi-gyars (Pawlish pronunciation: Kok de Kok de Kok, arabic) is a crusader castle in syria and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In 1142 it was given to the hospitaller raymond, Count of Tripoli, by the count of Troy. The hospital staff began to rebuild the castle in the 11th century and finished it in the 1170s, when a earthquake destroyed the castle. The krak des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: Kok de Kok, arabic) is a crusader castle in syria and one of the most important medieval castles in the world. In the first half of the century, the castle of Kok des chevaliers had two garrisons,... at its height, two garrisons,... ay... During the first half of the century, the castle of Kok des chevaliers had two garrisons,... - Kok des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic) - Kok des chevaliers - Kok de valje, arabic - Kok des chevaliers (Pawlish pronunciation: kak de valje, arabic) -..., and formerly the castle of the devils. In the thirties, in the thirties, the romans ruled the kingdom, -kl -, -, - Kok des chevaliers - klkria, and one of the most important medieval castles in the world - Kokno, kria, and When syria was declared independent in 1946, he was given the job. Then he built a company to do all the clearing and restoration. Today a village called al-husn is established around the castle and contains a population of more than ninety-nine thousand. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the post, and he built a company to do the excavations and restorations. During the civil war, a certain part of the castle was partially damaged by shelling; it is unknown how much damage there was, but there have been rumours of a rush of repairs. The krak des chevaliers is located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of the city of homs, near the border of Lebanon, and administratively part of the homs government. From 2006, the castles of the krak des chevaliers and the qal - by din, have been recognized as a World Heritage Site. I then made the concubine of the duke's work; and he also founded a company for the purpose of the excavation and restoration of the castles. In the days of civil war, the castle had been partially damaged by shelling. It is unknown how much damage it had sustained, but there has been talk of a rush of repairs. In 1946, when Russia became independent, I took over the job; then he built a company for the thoroughgoing of the castles. The village of al-husn has been established around the castle and has a population of more than ninety-nine thousand people. It is called by the "Franks" and was confused with the "Karab" by the comma. " The name of this village came from the name of an earlier fortification called hosn al-A" - az- akrad, meaning fort of the kurds. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the post and established a company to do the excavations and restoration. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job and set up a company to do the excavations and restorations. At the time of civil war, a certain part of the castle was smashed by shelling; it is not known how much damage it sustained, but rumors are that there was a great deal of remending. During the civil war, a certain part of the castle was partially damaged by shelling; it is unknown how much damage there was, but there were talk of a great deal of reconstruction. The name of the village was taken from the name of an earlier fortification called Hohona-al-A — az-akrad, meaning fort of the kurds. In 1946, when Russia became independent, I took over the job; then he established a company to do all the excavations and restoration. It was named after the name of an earlier fortification called Hohona-al-A — az-akrad, meaning fort of the Kurds. It was called Hohona-al-A — az-akrad, from a name of kurds. It is called Hohona-al-A; and is confused with Kararab by the comma. The castle stands on a hill 650 m high (approximately two hundred ft) in the hills of syria, in the Gussaaos in the homs tunnel. ... When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the post, and established a company to do the excavation and reconstruction. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job, and established a company for the complete building of the castles. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job and established a company to dig and restore. The city of housn was established in the vicinity of the castle, and was surrounded by ninety-nine thousand people. In the period of civil war, the castle was partially damaged by shelling; it is not known how much damage it sustained, but there have been rumors of a great deal of rebuilding. In the old days, when the country was occupied by civil war, the castle was partially damaged; it is not known how much damage there was, but rumors of a great deal of reconstruction were heard. The village of al-husn is founded around the castle, and it has a population of more than ninety-nine thousand. The name of this village came from the name of an earlier fortification called Hohona-al-A, meaning fort of the Kurds; in 1946, when Russia was independent, I took over the job; then I established a company for the completion of the works. The village of al-husn was established around the castle and contains a population of more than ninety-nine thousand. In the civil war, a certain part of the castle was damaged by shelling; it is unknown how much damage there was, but there was talk of a great deal of repair. The name of the village comes from the name of a fortification called Hohona-al-A, az-akrad, meaning fort of the Kurds. On the other side of the trench, on the other side of the trench, was the 12th century gibelacar castle. To the north of the castle is the jebel ansariyah and to the south, the lebanon. He then took on the Duke’s servants, and started a company for the maintenance of the castles. During the civil war a certain part of the castle was damaged by shelling; it is unknown how much damage was done, but there were rumours of a great deal of reconstruction. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job, and set up a company to repair and rebuild. The city of Hohona was established in the vicinity of the castle and had a population of ninety-nine thousand. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job and set up a company to complete the renovation of the castles. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job and set up a company to rebuild and dig. The village of Hohona was established around the castle and contained more than ninety-nine thousand. In the civil war, the castle had been partly destroyed by shelling; it is unknown how much damage was sustained, but there were rumors of a great deal of rebuilding. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the job and established a company to do the excavation and restoration. The village of Hohona was called Hohona-al-A, and was called Kararab by the commas. When the country was in civil war, the castle had been partly destroyed by shelling; it is unknown how much damage was done, but there were rumours of a great deal of rebuilding. The village of Hohona-al-A was called Hohona-al-A, and was called Kararab by the commas. The country of Hohona was established near the castle, and the population was ninety-nine thousand. When Russia became independent in 1946, he took the post and set up a company to do the excavations and restoration. The village of Hohona-al-A was called Hohona-al-A, which means fortification of the Kurds. In the civil war, a part of the castle was damaged by shelling; it is unknown how much damage it had sustained, but rumors have spread that there was a great deal of remending. The village of Hohona-al-A is called by the Fagers, and is It included the castle of the Kurds, the towns of Rafanea and Montferrand, and the long plain that separated homs and tripoli. The castle of the Kurds was never under the control of the crusaders, so the region around the castle of the Kurds was vulnerable to raids. It was the western part of the Kurdish country, and the northern part of the mountainous Plain of Alawiyin; a long plain that separated the town of Rafanea and Montferrand., and that the wide Plain of Alawiyin led to the most important points in the country. The Kurdish people never governed the castle of the Kurds, and therefore the region around the castle of the Kurds was aprone to attacks. According to the edict of the 13th century a certain emir of the Berdazion, shibl ad dawla, established a town of Kurdish people in the area of the king's future castle in the year 1031, and was thus given the name of 'Hisn al al akrad' (Kurdish chiefdom). There was the territory of Kurds, the hamlets of Rafanea and Montferrand, and the long plain that separated homs and the tripoli. It was the western part of Kurdish territory and the northern part of the mountainous plain of Alawiyin, a long plain that divided Rafanea and Montferrand, and the wide plain of Alawiyin led to the most important points in the region. The Kurds did not rule the hamlets of the king, and therefore the region around the hamlets was susceptible to attacks. According to the edict of the 13th century, a certain emir of Berdazion, a scion of the Berdazion, built a town of Kurds in the vicinity of the king’s future castle in 1031, which was therefore called the “Hisn al al akrad” (Kurdish Chiefdom). During the first crusade in january 1099, on the way to jerusalem, the company of raymond iv of toulouse had come under attack from the garrison of hisn al al akrad, the forerunner of the krak, who threw raymond’s foragers to the forks. On the following day, raymond marched to the castle, finding it deserted. The Kurds never ruled the castle of the Kurds, and therefore the area around the castle of the Kurds was a target for attacks. It was the western part of Kurdish territory and the northern part of the mountainous plain of Alawiyin, a long plain that divided the town of Rafanea and Montferrand, and the wide plain of Alawiyin led to the most important points in the country. In the year 1099, on the road to the Kremlin, the company of raymond iv of toulouse had been attacked by the garrison of hisn al al al akrad, the forerunner of the krak, who threw his foragers to the forks. On the following day, raymond marched to the castle, but it was deserted. Then, according to the 13th century, a certain emir of Berdazion, a scion of Berdazion, established a town of Kurds in the area of the king's future castle in 1031, and called it "Hisn al al al al al al al al al al al al al al l al al al al al al al akrad" (Kurdish chiefdom). On the first of the first crusade of January 1099, at the arrival of jerusalem, the troops of raymond iv of toulouse were attacked by the garrison of hisn al al al akrad, the forerunner of the krak, and threw the foragers to the forks, and no trace of this first castle remains at the place During the first crusade in January 1099, on the road to the Kremlin, the company of Raymond iv of toulouse was attacked by the garrison of hisn al al al al This meant that the city of the Kurds had never been under the command of the Crusaders, so the region around the castle of the Kurds was susceptible of attacks. There was a Kurdish country and the south of the mountainous plain of Alawiin, a long plain that separated the city of Rafanea and Montferrand, and the wide plain of Alawiin led to the most important points of the country. During the first crusade in January 1099, the soldiers of the company of Raymond iv of toulouse had been attacked by the garrison of his al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al al In 1136, Pope Bethgibelin was appointed to the order. Another military order, such as the Order of the Knights of Temperance, offered protection to pilgrims. Later, another military order, such as the Order of the Knights of Temperance, provided protection for pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, raymond ii, the count of Tli, granted the order property in the county. This property consisted of castles, with which the pilgrims were expected to defend the county. This was the other military order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, which protected pilgrims. Later, a second military order, such as the Order of the Knights of Temperance, was placed in the district. The order of the Knights of Temperance also provided protection for pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144 the count of Tli granted the order in the district castles with which the pilgrims had to defend the district. In 1136, Pope Bethgibelin was appointed the order's priest. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, granted the order possession of the county. The property he owned consisted of castles with which the pilgrims were expected to defend the county. In addition to krak des chevaliers, the hospitallers were given four other castles in the district, which allowed the order to rule the territory. After 1136, the Bishop of Tli, who was a christian, became the patron of the order. The latter ordered the emperor to assume the throne in the east of the country, from which the pilgrims would defend the county. This was the other military order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, which gave protection to pilgrims. The Order of the Knights of Temperance also provided protection to pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, the Bishop of Tli, the Bishop of Tli, granted the order of the provinces, this property consisted of castles with which the pilgrims would defend the province. Later, another military order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, also protected pilgrims. The hospitallers occupied the position of chief administrator in their new estate, establishing at the castle a monument that would prove to be one of the most elaborate crusader fortifications in the Levant. From 1136, Pope Bethgibelin was appointed a priest of the order. The count of Tli, the count of Tli, in turn granted possession of the country, and this possession consisted of castles with which pilgrims were expected to defend the country. At the end of 1136 the Bishop of Tli, a Christian, became the patron of the order, and the order was ruled by the emperor, who ruled in the east of the country, from which pilgrims would defend the country. Then, after 1136, the Bishop of Tli became the patron of the order and gave the order to the emperor to assume the throne in the east of the country, and the pilgrims were to defend it. In 1136, the Bishop of Tli was appointed the priest of the order. In 1136, Pope Bethgibelin was appointed a priest of the order. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli granted the order of the provinces, and the possession consisted of castles with which the pilgrims would defend the province. The Order of the Knights of Temperance also protected pilgrims. Later, another order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, was put in the district. The hospital soldiers occupied the position of Chief Administrative Officer in the new estate, and the building of a castle was established at the castle in which pilgrims were to defend the country. In 1163, the crusaders won the battle of Al-Ad-Dîn at the house of the kouz-ches. Another order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, gave protection to pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, obtained possession of the country; it consisted of castles with which pilgrims were expected to defend the country. This is the other military order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, which gave protection to pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, granted the order of the provinces, and this possession consisted of castles with which pilgrims were expected to defend the country. The chronicles of the Quakes apocryphal chapels are mentioned in an arab source. During the 1180s, raids of the christian and muslims into the country became more frequent. At the end of 1136, the Bishop of Tli, a Christian, became the patron of the order, and he ruled the order to assume the throne in the east, and to defend the country. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, granted the order of the provinces, and this order consisted of castles to defend the province. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the possession of the country, and the possession consisted of castles with which pilgrims would defend the country. In 1136, the bishop of Tli, a Christian, became the patron of the order, and he was the emperor of the east of the country, from which pilgrims would defend the country. The Order of the Knights of Temperance also provided protection for pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the possession of the country, and this possession consisted of castles with which pilgrims were expected to defend the country. Later on, another order, the Order of the Knights of Temperance, was put in the district. In 1136, Pope Bethgibelin was appointed priest of the order. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the possession of the country; this possession consisted of castles with which pilgrims were expected to defend the country. The hospital soldiers were appointed in the house of the chief administrator, and a castle was built in the castle to defend the country. In 1163, the crusaders won the battle of Al-Ad-Dîn in the house of the censers. In 1163, the pilgrims won the battle of Al-Ad-Dîn at the kouzches' palace. In 1136, the Bishop of Tli, a Christian, was the patron of the order, and he was the Emperor of the East, from which the pilgrims would defend the country. In 1136, the Bishop of Tli, a Christian, became the patron of the order and gave the order to the emperor to assume the throne in the east, and to defend the country. The order of the knights of abyss gave protection to pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, granted the kingdom, and this possession consisted of castles with which the pilgrims were to defend the country. In 1136, the bishop of Tli, the count of Tli, granted the provinces, and the provinces were castles with which the pilgrims were to defend the country. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the kingdom, and this possession consisted of castles with which the pilgrims were to defend the kingdom. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, gave the order of the provinces, and this order consisted of castles with which the pilgrims would defend the country. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the kingdom, and this possession consisted of castles with which the pilgrims were to defend the country; from 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, granted the order of the provinces, and this order consisted of castles with which pilgrims were to defend the country; the Order of the Knights of Temperance also gave protection to pilgrims. From 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, had a possession of the country, and this possession consisted of castles with which the pilgrims were to defend the country; from 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the possession of the country, and the possession consisted of castles with which pilgrims were to defend the country; from 1136 to 1144, the count of Tli, the count of Tli, commanded the “Of the two orders to defend the crusader states, it is obvious that the two orders were so important to the protection of the Crusader states. After the battle, the hospital castles of Belmont, Belvoir and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. Following these losses, the order focused its attention on its castles at Tripoli. So, of the two orders to defend the Crusader States, it must be observed that they were very important to the protection of the Crusader States. After the battle, the hospital castles of Belmont, Belvoir, and Bethgibelin fell to the muslim armies. In the following days, the order resumed its task at Tripoli. In May 1188, Salain led an army to attack Krak des Cheminiers. But he deemed the castle too defended, and instead, he marched on the castle of margat, which he did not capture. Another earthquake struck in 1202, and perhaps it was at this time that the castle was rebuilt. And so the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. Following this defeat, the order turned its attention to its castles at Tripoli. After the battle, the hospital castles of Belmont, Belvoir and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. So the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States are clear, and that is why they are so important for the protection of the Crusader States. In May 1188, Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers. But he thought that the castle was too defended, and instead, he was led to the castle of Margat, which he did not capture. During the next days, the order resumed its work at Tripoli. A stone enclosure was built between 1142 and 1170, and the inner walls were called the inner court or ward. But Salain led an army to attack Krak des Cheminiers in May 1188. But he deemed the castle too defended and went to the castle of Margat, which he did not capture. The following days the order resumed its work in Tripoli. So of the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important to the protection of the Crusader States. After the battle, the hospital castles of Belmont, Belvoir, and Bethgibelin fell to the muslim armies. After this defeat, the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. The following days the order resumed its work at Tripoli. And so, of the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. In May 1188 Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers. But he regarded the castle too defended, and instead led his troops to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. So, of the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. The castles of Belmont, Belvoir, and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. There was an order of stone in the inner court of a stone wall, built between 1142 and 1170. The inner court was called the interior courtyard. The castle of Belmont, Belvoir, and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. After this defeat the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. Then the two orders of the Crusader States must be observed that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. During the next days, the order resumed its work in Tripoli. In May 1188, Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he thought that the castle was too defended, and he went to the castle of Margat, which he did not capture. Then, after the battle, the hospital castles of Belmont, Belvoir and Bethgibelin fell to the muslim armies. Following the defeat, the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. Then, the two orders of defense of the Crusader States must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. The following days, the order resumed its work at Tripoli. And so, the two orders of defense of the Crusader States must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers in May 1188 but he did not consider the castle too defended, and instead he went to the castle of Margat, which he did not capture. A stone wall was built between 1142 and 1170, and the inner walls were called the inner court or the ward. The castles of Belmont, Belvoir, and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. Then, the two orders for the protection of the crusader states, it must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the crusader states. Then, the two orders for the defense of the crusader states must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. After the battle, the hospital castles of Belmont, Belvoir and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. After the defeat, the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. In May 1188 Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he considered the castle too strong, and instead led his troops to the castle of Margat, which he did not capture. This situation lasted as long as Salain’s successors warped. After the defeat, the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. Then the two orders of the Crusader States must be observed that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. The castles of Belmont, Belvoir and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. In May 1188 Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he considered the castle too defended and went to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. The next day the order resumed its work in Tripoli. Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he did not consider the castle too defended and went to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. This situation lasted as long as the successors of Salain fought. The two orders of the Crusader States are clear, and this is why they are so important to the protection of the Crusader States. After the defeat the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. So of the two orders of the defender of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important After the defeat, the order turned to the castles of the Crusader States. Afterwards, the order resumed its work in Tripoli. After the defeat, the order turned to the castles of the Crusader States. Then, the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. Then, the two orders for the defense of the Crusader States must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. The castles of Belmont, Belvoir, and Bethgibelin fell to the armies of the muslims. After the defeat, the order turned to the castles of the Crusader States. In May 1188, Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he did not consider the castle too defended and went to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. So, of the two orders of the Crusader States, it must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. Then the two orders of the Crusader States must be noted that they were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. The following days, the order resumed its work at Tripoli. In May 1188 Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he did not consider the castle too defended, and went to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he did not consider the castle too defended, and went to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. The following day the order resumed its work at Tripoli. In May 1188 Salain led an army to attack the Château des Cheminiers, but he considered the castle too defended and went to the Castle of Margat, which he did not capture. After this defeat the order turned its attention to the castles of the Crusader States. The two orders of the defenders of the Crusader States must be noted, which were very important for the protection of the Crusader States. The castles of Belmont, Belvoir and Bethgibelin fell to "The amir refused to pay tribute. The amir was not on the spot. In 1230 and 1233 the amir led the expedition to hama. And the amir commanded it. In 1230 and 1233 the amir was leading the expedition to Hama. The amir was not at the spot. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change. A muslim army estimated to have numbered about ten, ten thousand men ravaged the village of the castle in 1252, after which the finances of the order began to fall.... The amir refused to pay tribute. The amir refused to pay tribute. The amir refused to pay tribute. In 1230 and 1233 the amir led the expedition to Hama. The amir did not respond. The amir refused to pay tribute. The amir was not at the point of delivery. In 1250 the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to have numbered between ten thousand and ten thousand men ravaged the village of the castle, after which the finances of the order began to decline. In 1260 the sultan of egypt, aided by the sultan qutuz, united egypt and syria. In 1230 and 1233 the amir led the expedition to Hama. The amir did not answer. The amir did not respond. The amir did not respond. The amir did not respond. In 1250 the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change. In 1252 an army of muslims estimated to number about ten thousand and ten thousand ravaged the village of the castle, and the army began to dwindle. The amir did not respond. The amir refused to pay tribute, the amir refused to pay tribute. In 1260, the Sultan of Egypt, assisted by the sultan qutuz, united egypt and syria. The amir refused to pay tribute. In 1270 baibars made his way to the area of the krak des chevaliers and allowed his men to graze their animals in the fields around the castle. In 1270, when he heard the news of the eighth crusade led by King Louis ix of France, baibars left for cairo to avoid any clashes. In 1271, baibars returned to the krak des chevaliers. In 1270, when he heard the news of the eighth crusade, led by King Louis ix of France, baibars went to Cairo to avoid any clashes, but baibars returned to the krak des chevaliers. In 1270, baibars made his way to the krak des chevaliers, and allowed his men to graze in the fields around the castle. In 1270, baibars entered the krak des chevaliers and allowed his soldiers to pasture their horses in the fields. The amir did not answer, the amir did not answer. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change. In 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the revenues of the order began to diminish. The amir did not answer. The amir did not answer. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change. In 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand ravaged the village of the castle, and the army declined. In 1271, baibars returned to the krak des chevaliers. In 1270, when he heard the news of the eighth crusade, he left for cairo to avoid the fighting. The amir did not answer, the amir did not respond. The amir did not respond. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change. In 1252, an army of muslims estimated to have numbered between ten thousand and ten thousand destroyed the village of the castle, and the forces were decreasing. During 1230 and 1233 the amir led the expedition to Hama; the amir did not answer; the amir did not answer; the amir did not answer; in 1270 the amir left for cairo to avoid the clashes; in 1270 the amir returned to the krak des chevaliers; in 1270 a muslim estimated to have a strength of ten thousand roubles ravaged the krak des chevaliers, and the military thwarts began to dwindle. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to have a strength of ten thousand ravaged the village of the castle, and the order of the orders began to decline. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers began to change; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to have a strength of ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the salaries of the order began to decrease. In 1270, when he heard of the eighth crusade led by King Louis ix of France, he left for cairo to avoid fighting; in 1271, he returned to the krak des chevaliers. The amir did not answer; the amir did not answer; in 1250, the fortunes of the nymphs in the nymphs began to change; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand invaded the castle, and the money of the nymphs fell. In 1250, the fortunes of the nymphs in the nymphs began to change; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand invaded the village of the castle, and the revenues of the nymphs began to decline. In 1250, the fortunes of the nymphs in the nymphs began to change; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle "The amir refused to pay tribute. The amir refused to pay tribute. In 1270, when he heard about the eighth crusade led by King Louis ix, he went to Cairo to avoid fighting, but he returned to the krak des chevaliers. In 1270, when he heard of the eighth crusade, he left for cairo, but he returned to the krak des chevaliers. In 1270, he heard about the eighth crusade led by King Louis ix, he went to Cairo to avoid fighting; in 1271, he returned to the krak des chevaliers. The amir did not answer, the amir did not answer. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers changed; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the orders of the order fell. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers changed; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the expenditures of the order declined. In 1250, the fortunes of the nymphs in the nymphs changed; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the expense of the order decreased. In 1250, the fortunes of the nymphs in the nymphs changed; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the amount of the order diminished. In 1250, the fortunes of the hospitallers in the krak des chevaliers changed; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand destroyed the village of the castle, and the nymphs declined. In 1250, the fortunes of the nymphs changed; in 1252, an army of muslims estimated to number between ten thousand and ten thousand attacked the village of the castle, and the amount of Three days later the first line of defense fell to the besiegers. Rain interrupted the siege, but on the 21st march, immediately south of the krak des chevaliers, baibar's forces captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall.... Three days later the first line of defense fell to the besiegers. The rain delayed the siege, but on the twenty-second march, immediately south of the krak des chevaliers, baibar's troops captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall... In the outer quarter they met the peasants who had fled to the castle. The two besiegers had a ten-day truce, when they sent a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who were hectors at tripoli, to say that they were to surrender... but the outer quarter was destroyed, with the soldiers of the garrison killed, the crusaders fled to the more formidable inner quarter. The rain interrupted the siege, but on the 21st march, immediately south of the kouen des chevaliers, baibar’s troops captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall... Three days later the first line of defense fell to the besiegers. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the Grand Master of the Knights who lived at the tripoli, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the more severe inner quarter. The new owners of the castle were doing some general repairs, mainly affecting the outer quarter. The hospital chapel was converted into a mosque and two vaults were added to the interior... but although the letter was a forgery, the garrison capitulated, and the Sultan spared their lives. The two besiegers made a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the Grand Master of the Knights who lived in the Tripoli, to say that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The rain interrupted the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the kouen des chevaliers, the baibar forces captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall... The two besiegers agreed to a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the Grand Master of the Knights, who lived in the tripoli, saying they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, the crusaders fled to the more severe quarter. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the Grand Master of the Knights who lived in the tripoli, saying they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the more severe quarter. The new owners of the castle took care of the whole of the outer quarter, including the hospital chapel, the hospital chapel, and two vaults, which were added to the inner quarter. Three days later, the first line of defense fell to the besiegers. The two besiegers made a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights, who lived in the Tripoli, saying that they were going to surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. In the outer quarter they met the peasants who had fled to the castle. The rain interrupted the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the kouen des chevaliers, the baibar troops captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the tripoli, saying they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The new owners of the castle took care of the outer quarter, including the hospital, the chapel, and two vaults, added to the inner quarter. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the tripoli, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. In the outer quarter, they met the peasants who fled to the castle. The rain obstructed the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the kouen des chevaliers, baibar's forces captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall... Three days later, the first line of defense fell to the besiegers. The new owners of the castle did some general repairs, mainly on the outer quarter, including the hospital chapel, the hospital chapel, and two vaults added to the interior... although the letter was a fake, the garrison capitulated, and the Sultan spared their lives. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the Tripoli, saying they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The rain stopped the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the Kouen des chevaliers, the garrison captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall. Three days later, the first line of defense fell to the besiegers. The two besiegers, arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the Tchounai, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in Tchounai, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The rain obstructed the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the chevaliers, baibar's forces captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall. The new owners of the castle did some general repairs, mainly to the outer quarter, including the hospital, the chapel, and two vaults added to the inner quarter... although the letter was a forgery, the garrison capitulated, and the sultan spared their lives. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the tripoli, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison killed, the rebels fled to the inner quarter. I would like to remind you that deschamp left the castle in 1927 and left the castle two years later, but two years later I returned and began work on the castle. I would like to thank you for a good report on the work of deschamp in the castle. I wrote to him ten days ago and I said that I would surrender but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed and the rebels fled into the inner quarter. The rain washed away the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the kouen des chevaliers, the baibars captured a triangle, probably defended by a wooden wall... The two besiegers arranged a ten-day pact and sent a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the tripoli, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day pact, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the tripoli, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The two besiegers arranged a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in the Tchounai, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. The two besiegers made a ten-day truce, sending a letter to the garrison, supposedly from the grand master of the knights who lived in Tchounai, saying that they would surrender, but the outer quarter was destroyed, the soldiers of the garrison were killed, and the rebels fled to the inner quarter. In the outer quarter they met the peasants who fled to the castle. The rain interrupted the siege, but on the 21st march, just south of the kouen des chevaliers, baibar's troops captured a triangle, probably defended by "The questionnaire was a long one," remarked the army historian d.j. ‘It’s a long one,’ said the army historian d.j. ‘ The questionnaire was lengthy,’ remarked the historian d.j. ‘cattaley in 1949 and the “few-time account of the archaeology and history of a single medieval castle” by historian hugh kennedy in 1994... as early as 1932, rumors arose that the castle should be taken by the french... ‘In 1932 the castle was handed over to the French state and the academie des beaux arts... The question was long," said the historian d.j. "It's a long question," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "It's a long question," said the historian d.j. " In 1932 the castle was transferred to the French state and the academie des beaux arts... Besides, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “In 1932, the castle was transferred to the French state and the Academy of Arts... Then, the village was displaced, and the village was compensated for it... The french mandate of syria and lebanon, established in 1920, ended in 1946 with the declaration of syrian independence. As early as 1932, there was talk of taking the castle by the french. Then, in 1932, the castle was transferred to the French state and the Academy of Arts... Besides, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... Pierre Coupel, who had worked on the tower of the lions and the two castles of Sidon, supervised the work... "It was a long question," said the historian d.j. "It was a long question," said the historian d.j. "It was a long question," said the historian d.j. "It was a long question," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "It was a long question," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "The castle was transferred to the French state and the academy of arts... In 1932, the castle was transferred to the French state and the academy of arts... Then, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... In 1932, the castle was transferred to the French state and the Academy of Arts... Besides, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... the French mandate of syria and lebanon, established in 1920, ended in 1946 with the declaration of independence of syrian independence. As early as 1932, there was talk of taking the castle by the french... Pierre Coupel, who had worked on the tower of the Lions and the two castles of Sidon, supervised the work... “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “It was long,” said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “It was long,” said the historian d.j. “It was long,” said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “In 1932, the castle was transferred to the French state and the academy of arts... Besides, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... In 1932, the castle was transferred to the French state and the academy of arts... Besides, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... As early as 1932, there were rumors of the taking of the castle by the french... Pierre Coupel, who had worked on the tower of the lion and the two castles of Sidon, worked on it... The question was long, said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. " The question was long," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "The question was long," said the historian d.j. "It was long," said the historian d.j. " The question was long," said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “It was long,” said the historian d.j. “It was long,”  said the historian d.j. “In 1932 the castle was transferred to the French state and the Academy of Arts... Besides, the village was displaced and paid f1 million in compensation... The French envoy of syria and libanon, established in 1920, ended in 1946 with the declaration of syrian independence. As early as 1932 there was talk of the French taking the castle by the French... Pierre Coupel, who had worked on the tower of the lion and the two castles of Sidon, supervised the work... “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the  historian d.j. “The question was long,” said the historian d.j. " kennedy makes it clear that "the castle, ingenuously designed as a weapon of war, reached its apogee in great buildings, such as the Margat and the crac des chevaliers. " - des chevaliers was "perhaps the best preserved and most admirable castle in the world, a castle which is a fitting commentary on all the crusading buildings of syria..." "This castle, ingeniously constructed as a weapon of war, reached its apogee in great buildings, such as the Margat and the Clock des Chemins. " Kennedy describes it as follows: "The castle, ingeniously designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in the great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins. " "Clock des Chemins is perhaps the best preserved and the most admirable castle in the world, a castle which is a fitting commentary on all the crusading buildings in syria." "Margat has been mentioned as a sister castle of klock des chevaliers. We see that the castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the Margat and the Clock des Chemins. Kennedy writes that the castle, ingenuously designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins. “Clock des Chemins is perhaps the best preserved and the most admirable castle in the world, a castle which is a fitting commentary on all the crusading buildings of syria.” Kennedy declares that the castle, “ingenuously designed as a weapon of war,” reached its height in great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins.... inside the entrance to the castle, there was a ‘walled suburb’ called a ‘burgus’, which remained uninhabited.... to the south of the outer ward was a triangular trench, and it is said that the crusaders may have built stone walls and towers around it. Kennedy explained this as follows: ‘This castle, ingenuously designed as a weapon of war, reached its peak in the great buildings, such as the Margat and the Clock des Chemins.’ "Here we see that the castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its peak in great buildings, such as the Margat and the Clock des Chemins. Kennedy writes that the castle, “ingenuously designed as a weapon of war,” reached its peak in great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins. Kennedy wrote that the castle, “ingenuously designed as a weapon of war,” reached its peak in great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins. “The Clock des Chemins is perhaps the best and most admirable castle in the world, a castle which is a fitting commentary on all the crusadering buildings in syria.” The castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the Margat and the Clock des Chemins. We see that the castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins. Kennedy declared that the castle, “ingenuously designed as a weapon of war,” reached its height in great buildings, such as the Clock des Chemins and the Clock des Chemins. To the south of the castle, the spur of which is connected to the next hill, so that siege engines can approach on level ground... The inner defenses are strong at this point, with towers of towers connected by a thick wall. This castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as Margat and the clock of the clock. The castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock. “This castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock.” “This castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the castle of the castle of the sarcophagus of the castle of the castle of the tsar’s son, the castle of the castle of the game of war, of the game of the rock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the king’s, of the chapel of the king’s son. But this castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its peak in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock. Thus, the inner walls of the castle were strong and had strong walls connected with a thick wall. Here we see that the castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as Margat and the clock of the clock. Kennedy explains that the castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the logically understood that the castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its peak in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the " This castle, cleverly designed as a weapon of war, reached its height in great buildings, such as the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock of the clock The walls were supported by steeply sloping glaciers which provided further protection against both siege weapons and earthquakes. Four large, round towers, projected from the ice, were built by the garrison guards, a dozen at the summit. There were four large round towers, which were cut from the ice, built by the garrison guards, twenty-five at the summit. They were the defences of the inner wards of the garrison, but the machicolations were not found on the southern faces. The walls were supported by steep sloping glaciers, which provided a further barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. Though the walls of the inner wards no longer survive in most places, they seem not to extend as far as the entire circuit. The walls were reinforced by a large wall, which sloped steeply, which gave further protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were supported by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seem not to have extended as far as the whole circuit. There were four large round towers built by the garrison guards, twenty-five at the summit. The area between the inner court and the outer walls was narrow and not used for lodging. There was a wide open cistern, pumped by an aqueduct, which was both a moat and a water supply for the castle. It was a defence of the inner wards of the garrison, but the stone machicolations were not seen on the southern sides. The walls were supported by steeply sloping glaciers which provided a further barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were supported by steeply sloping glaciers, which gave further protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed to not have extended as far as the whole circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to have extended as far as the circumference. The wall was supported by a large wall, which sloped steeply, which added another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The wall was reinforced by a large wall, which sloped steeply, which added further protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. The esplanade was raised above the rest of the courtyard, the vaulted area would have provided a shelter and could have been used as a shelter for the ammunition. The walls were supported by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The area between the inner court and the outer wall was narrow and not used for lodging. There was a wide open cistern, pumped by an aqueduct, which was both a moat and a water supply for the castle. And while the walls of the inner wards of the garrison did not survive in all places, they did not seem to extend the entire circumference, the walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed to not extend as far as the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. There were four round towers, which were drilled out of the ice, built by the guards, twenty-five at the top. The tower was a defense of the inner wards of the garrison, but the stone work was not visible on the southern faces. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The wall was reinforced by a large wall, which slopped steeply, which added to the sloping barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The outer wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to have extended as far as the circumference. The wall was bolstered by a large wall, which slopped steeply, which added to the sloping barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The current chapel, probably built to replace the one destroyed in 1170, was probably built to replace the one destroyed by an earthquake. The walls were supported by steeply sloping glaciers, which gave further protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided further protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. It was a defense of the inner wards of the garrison, but the stone work was not visible on the southern side. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which added another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The walls were anchored by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were anchored by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The outer wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The esplanade was elevated above the rest of the courtyard, and the vaulted area would have provided a shelter and could have been used for the ammunition. The walls were anchored by a large wall, which sloped steeply, which added another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The inner warders were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The outer warders were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. There were four large round towers, cut out of the ice, built by the guards twenty-five in the spire. The tower was a defense of the inner wards of the garrison, but the stone work did not exist on the southern ward. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend beyond the circumference. There were four round towers, cut out of the ice, built by the garrison guards, twenty-five at the summit. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend beyond the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend beyond the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend beyond the circumference. The walls were reinforced by steeply sloping glaciers, which added another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were bolstered by a high wall, which slopped steeply, which gave another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The outer wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The outer wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend as far as the circumference. There are four large round towers, which were cut out of the ice, built by the guards, twenty-five at the top. It was a defensive tower of the inner wards of the garrison, but the stone work was not visible on the southern ward. The walls were The walls of the inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which gave more protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided more protection against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which added another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which gave another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The outer wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The inner wards were destroyed in most places, but they did not seem to extend as far as the circumference. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which gave another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The walls were backed by steeply sloping glaciers, which provided another barrier against siege weapons and earthquakes. The outer wards were destroyed in most places, but they seemed not to extend beyond the circumference. The current chapel, built to replace the one destroyed in 1170, was probably rebuilt to – the south bay, to the west, lighted the church with windows, and the north bay apse. The east side of the chapel had a large window. – in 1935 a second church was discovered outside the castle’s main entrance, though it has never been found. – - in 1935, at the entrance to the castle, a second church was found, although it has never been found. - The outer walls were built in the last major construction of the castle, whose appearance has the krak des chevaliers. - The south apse lighted the church, and the north apse lighted the nave. The east apse had a large window. The towers of the inner court, square and not extending far beyond the wall, were rounded. The outer wall was of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded... It was the pillars of the inner court, square and without a large expanse of wall, rounded; the outer wall was of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded... – the east side of the chapel had a large window. – in 1935 a second church was discovered outside the main entrance, though it has never been found. The south apse lighted the church, the north apse lighted the nave. The east side of the chapel had a large window. The outer walls were built in the last major construction of the castle, whose appearance resembles the krak des chevaliers. The inner court, square and not reaching far beyond the wall, was rounded. The outer wall was of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded... The outer wall was of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded. The outer wall was of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded... The eastern side of the church had a large window. The south aisle lit the church, the north aisle lit the nave. The east aisle had a large window. In 1935, at the entrance to the castle, a second church was discovered, though it was never found. The south aisle lit the church, the north aisle lit the nave. The east aisle had a large window. In 1935 a second church was discovered outside the main entrance, though it was never found. The outer walls were built in the last major construction of the castle, whose appearance resembles the krak des chevaliers. The outer walls were of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded. The outer walls were of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded. The outer walls were of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded. The towers of the inner court, not exceeding the wall, were rounded. The towers of the inner court, square and without a large wall, were rounded; the outer wall was of the 13th century, and the towers of the 13th century were rounded. The west side of the church had a large window. In the 1250s, perhaps, a postern was added to the north wall. In 1935 a second church was found outside the main gate, though it has never been found. In 1935 a second church was found outside the main gate, though it has never been found. The south apse lighted the church, the north apse lighted the nave. The east apse lighted the church. The east apse lighted the nave. In the 1250s, perhaps, a postern was added to the north wall. The east apse lighted the church, the north apse lighted the nave, the east apse lighted the nave. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The towers of the inner court, without a large wall, were rounded. The outer wall was of the thirteenth century, and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer wall was of the thirteenth century, and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, but it was never found. The south apse lit the church, the north apse lit the nave. The east apse had a large window. The outer wall was of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded... The outer wall was of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded... The outer wall was of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded... The outer wall was of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded... It was the pillars of the inner court, square and without a great wall, rounded; the outer wall was of the thirteenth century, and the towers of the thirteenth century rounded. The outer wall was of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century rounded. The outer wall was of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century rounded. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, though it was never found; the south aisle lit the church, the north aisle lit the nave; the east aisle lit the nave; in the 1250s perhaps a postern was added to the north wall; the east aisle lit the church, the east aisle lit the nave. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, but it was not found. The outer walls were built in the last major construction of the castle, whose appearance resembles that of the krak des chevaliers; the outer walls were the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded... The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The west side of the church had a large window. The east side of the church had a large window. In 1935, at the entrance to the castle, a second church was found, but it was never found. In 1935, at the entrance to the castle, a second church was found, but it was not found. The east side of the church had a large window. In 1935 a second church was found, though it has never been found. The south apse lit the church, the north apse lit the nave. The east apse lit the church. In 1935 a second church was found, though it has never been found. The east apse lit the church, the west apse lit the nave, the outer apse lit the nave, in the 1250s perhaps a postern was added to the north apse lit the church, the east apse lit the nave. The outer apse lit the church, the north apse lit the nave, in the 1250s perhaps a postern was added to the north apse lit the church, in the 1250s perhaps a postern was added to the north apse lit the church, in the 1250s perhaps a postern was added to the north apse lit the church, in the 1250s perhaps a postern was added to the north apse lit the church, in the east apse lit the nave. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, but it was not found. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded. The outer walls were of the thirteenth century and the towers of the thirteenth century were rounded... The outer walls were of The west side of the church had a large window. The east side had a large window. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, but it was not found. In 1935, a second church was found outside the main gate, but it was never found. The south apse lit the church, the north apse lit the nave, the east apse lit the nave. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, but it was not found. In 1935, a second church was found, but it was not found; in the church, a second church was found, but it was never found; the church apse lit the church, the north apse lit the nave, the east apse lit the nave, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, maybe a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, maybe a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, maybe a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, maybe a postern was added to the north apse, in the 1250s, perhaps a postern was added to the north apse, in the east apse. In 1935, at the entrance of the castle, a second church was found, but it was not found, the south apse lit the church, the north apse lit the nave, the east apse As a result, a flung-back entrance could be seen from its halfway point. It was a special instance of a flung-back entrance. Byzantine exits were a relatively complex invention. The entry at the krak des chevaliers extended for 137 metres (450 ft) long and consisted of murder-holes, which enabled defenders to be thrown missiles at attackers. The passage to the krak des chevaliers was a rather complex invention. The entrance to the krak des chevaliers was a mere seventy-five metres (440 ft) long and consisted of murder-holes, so that the defenders could throw missiles at the attackers. To access the inner ward, the passage had to be followed round. In this case, there was a throwback entrance. It was a special instance of a throwback. This is an example of a retrogress. The entrance to the vaulted room was a rather complicated invention. The passage to the vaulted room was only seventy-five metres (440 feet) long, with murder-holes, so that the defenders could throw missiles at the attackers. To reach the inner ward, one had to walk around. In 1935, 1955 and 1978 medieval frescoes were found in the vaulted room, after the plaster and white wash had rotted. In 1935, 1955, and 1978, medieval frescoes were found in the vaulted room, after which later soiled with whitewash and whitewash. The vaulted room at the vaulted room was a rather complex invention. The vaulted room at the vaulted room was a mere seventy-five feet (440 feet) long, and contained the murder-holes, so that the attackers could fire at the attackers. This was a special case of a thrown-back room. In this case there was a cutback door. The passage to the kang des chevaliers was a rather complicated invention. The kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five metres (440 feet) long, with murder holes, so that defenders could throw missiles at the attackers. This is an example of a cutback door. The passage to the kang des chevaliers was a rather complicated invention. The passage to the kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five metres (440 feet) long and consisted of murder holes, so that the attackers could throw missiles at the attackers. The vaulted room in the vaulted room was a rather complex invention. The vaulted room in the vaulted room was only seventy-five feet (440 feet) long, and contained murder holes, so that the attackers could shoot at the attackers. In 1935, 1955 and 1978, medieval frescoes were found in the vaulted room, after the plaster and whitewash had rotted away. This was a special case of a throwback. The broken, red and blue frescoes in the chapel make it difficult to recognize. In the chapel, the chapel was painted on the masonry from the 1170 – 1202 rebuild. The vaulted room at the vaulted room was a rather complex invention. The vaulted room at the vaulted room was only seventy-five feet (440 feet) long and contained murder holes so that the attackers could fire at the attackers. And the way to the inner ward required a turn. This is an example of a flip-back. The passage to the kang des chevaliers was a rather complicated invention. The kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five metres (440 feet) long, and consisted of murder-holes, so that attackers could shoot at the attackers. The vaulted room at the kang des chevaliers was a rather complicated invention; the kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five metres (440 feet) long, and contained murder-holes, so that attackers could shoot at the attackers. The vaulted room at the kang des chevaliers was a rather complicated invention; the kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five feet (440 feet) long, with murder-holes, so that attackers could shoot at the attackers. This is an example of a thrown-back door. In the chapel the chapel was painted with the masonry from 1170 – 1202. The vaulted room in the kang des chevaliers was a rather complicated invention; the vaulted room in the kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five feet (440 feet) long, and contained murder-holes, so that attackers could fire at the attackers. The vaulted room in the kang des chevaliers was a rather complex invention; the vaulted room in the kang des chevaliers was only seventy-five feet (440 feet) long, and contained murder-holes, so that attackers could shoot at the attackers. This is an example of a frightful door. In the chapel, the chapel was painted on the masonry of the time of 1170 and 1202 respectively. The stained glass of the cathedral, stained with red and blue, was a very difficult imitation.