 This is a trivial comedy for serious people by Oscar Wilde... First performed on February 14, 1895, at the theatre of Saint-James' in London, this play is a comedy of farce, the protagonists behave fictitiously in order to escape burdensome social obligations. It is a comedy of a perverse nature, with its ridiculousness of treating institutions as serious as marriage and the resulting satire of victorian society. It is a silly comedy of serious people by Oscar Wilde... First performed on February 14, 1895, in the theater of Saint James’ in London, this comedy is a comedy of farce, the characters are fictitious in order to escape from an extremely burdensome social obligation, and the result is a comedy of a perverse nature, with its ridiculous obliqueness, to treat institutions as serious as marriage, and the resulting satire of victorian society. Moreover, its high calumny and witty dialogue have helped to make the importance of being serious wilde’s most enduringly popular play.... on the first night, the success of the play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also heralded his fall. It is a ridiculous comedy of serious people by Oscar Wilde. First performed on February 14, 1895, at the theatre of Saint James' in London, this comedy is a comedy of frankness, the protagonists are frank in order to escape an extremely heavy social obligation, and in the result is a comedy of a perverse nature, with its ridiculous obliqueity, of treating institutions as serious as marriage, and the resulting satire of victorian society. The first performance of this comedy marked the height of wilde's career, but it also marked his fall. Then, the marquess of queensberry, whose son was the lover of wilde, had been planning to present the writer with a bouquet of rotten vegetables and disrupt the performance. The calumny and witty dialogue of this play have helped to make the importance of seriousness even more enduring. On the first night, the success of this play marked the height of wilde's career, but also heralded his collapse. This is a silly comedy for serious people by Oscar Wilde... First performed on February 14, 1895, at the Saint James' Theatre in London, this comedy is a comedy of jokes, the characters are fictitious in order to escape from an extremely burdensome social obligation, and the result is a comedy of a perverse, with its ridiculous obliqueness, to treat institutions as serious as marriage, and to satirize victoria. The first performance of this comedy marked the height of wilde's career, but it also marked his fall. Then, the marquess of queensberry, whose son was a lover of wilde, had planned to present the writer with a bouquet of rotten vegetables, and disturb the performance. The calumny and witty dialogue of this play have helped to make the importance of seriousness even more lasting. Besides, its high calumny and witty dialogue have helped to make the importance of seriousness even more enduring. On the first night of this play the success of wilde marked the height of his career, but also his fall. On the first night the success of the play marked the height of wilde's career, but also his fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde's career, but also his fall. The famous marquess, whose son was a lover of wilde, had planned to give the writer a bouquet of rotten vegetables and interrupt the performance. The calumny and witty dialogue of this play have helped to make the importance of seriousness even more lasting. This is a silly comedy for serious people by Oscar Wilde... First performed on February 14, 1895 at the Saint James Theatre, this comedy is a comedy of farce, the characters are fictitious in order to escape an extremely burdensome social obligation, and the result is a comedy of a perverse, with a ridiculous obliqueness, to treat institutions as serious as marriage and the satirical victoria. The first performance of this comedy marked the height of wilde's career, but it also marked his fall. The first performance of this comedy marked the height of wilde's career, but also marked his fall. The first performance of this comedy marked the height of wilde's career, but also marked his fall. The famous marquess, whose son was a lover of wilde, had planned to present the writer with a bouquet of rotten vegetables and interrupt the performance. The calumny and witty dialogue of this play helped to make the importance of seriousness even more enduring. It was first performed on February 14, 1895 at the St James's Theatre, in London, this comedy is a comedy of frankness, the protagonists are frank to escape from an extremely heavy social obligation, and in the end it is a comedy of a perverse, with its absurdity, to treat institutions as serious as marriage and to ridicule victoria. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde's career, but also its fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde's career, but also its fall. First night, the success of this play marked the height of wilde's career, but also his fall. The calumny and witty dialogue of this play helped to make the importance of seriousness even more lasting. The first performance of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. It is a silly comedy for serious people by Oscar Wilde... First performed on February 14, 1895, at the theatre of St James’ in London, this play is a comedy of a joke, characters are fictitious in order to escape an extremely heavy social obligation, and the result is a comedy of a perverse, with its ridiculous oblique, treat institutions as serious as marriage and satirize victoria. It is a comedy of a perverse, with its ridiculous oblique, that treat institutions as serious as marriage and satirize victoria. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. The famous marquess, whose son was a lover of wilde, had planned to present the writer with a bouquet of rotten vegetables and disrupt the performance. The calumny and witty dialogue of this play helped to make seriousness even more lasting. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. On the first night of this play, the success of wilde marked the height of his career, but also marked his fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. The first night of this play marked the height of wilde’s career, but also marked his fall. It is a silly comedy of serious people by Oscar Wilde... First performed on February 14, 1895, at St James’s in London, this comedy is a comedy of jokes, the characters are fictitious in order to escape an extremely heavy social obligation, and in the end it is a comedy of perverseness, with a ridiculous obliqueness, to treat institutions as serious as marriage and to mock victoria. On the first performance of this play, wilde’s career, but also his fall. The famous .. to avoid... verbal or epistemic speculations about its content. Many names and ideas used in the play were borrowed from people or places that the author knew; for instance, lady Queensberry, and Lord Alfred douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. .. to avoid... by any word of expression or epistemic speculation... and to avoid... any literal or epistemic speculations on the content. Many of the names and ideas in the play were adapted from people or places known to the author, for instance Lady Queensberry, and Lord Alfred douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. Wilde revised the text constantly for months on end, and not a line remained untouched. “ In a play of this kind, in which language and effects are so sparing, the revisions had serious consequences...” Many of the names and ideas in the play were adapted from people or places that the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived at Bracknell. Wilde constantly revising the text for months at a time and not a line remained untouched. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places that the author knew, for example Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived at Bracknell. Richard ellmann argues that wilde had grown up, and wrote this work more quickly and accurately than before... sos eltis describes wilde's revisions as a refined art: the earliest, most handwritten drafts of the play labour over the most severe incidents, the broad puns, the nonsense dialogue and the comic turns... in revising, 'wilde turned the ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious's dialogue'... in revising, 'wilde transformed standard nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious's dialogue. It is a matter of public, polite, not personal opinion..... “To avoid... verbal or epistemic speculations. Wilde constantly revised the text for months and not a line remained untouched. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places known to the author, for instance Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places that the author knew, for example Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. Richard ellmann says that wilde had grown up and wrote this work more quickly and accurately than before... sos eltis describes wilde’s revisions as a refined art: the earliest handwritten drafts of the play work over the most severe incidents, the broad puns, the nonsense dialogue and the comic turns... in revision, ‘wilde turned ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious...... in revision, ‘wilde transformed ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious... It is a matter of public, civil and not of personal opinion... to avoid... verbal or epistemic speculations about the content. Many names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places that the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. "To avoid... verbal and epistemic speculations about the content. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places that the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. But in the course of these rehearsals alexander asked wilde to cut the play down from four acts to three. wilde agreed and combined elements of the second and third acts. For months on end, the author continually revised the text, and not a line remained unreturned. “For a play of this sort, in which language and effects are so sparing, revisions had serious consequences” – “to avoid... verbal or epistemic speculations. Many of the names and ideas in the play were adapted from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were adapted from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were adapted from people or places the author knew, for example Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas’s mother lived at Bracknell. Richard ellmann argues that wilde had grown up and wrote this work more quickly and accurately than before... sos eltis describes wilde’s revisions as a refined art: the earliest handwritten drafts of the play work on the most severe incidents, the broad puns, the nonsense dialogue and the comic turns... wilde transformed ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious... wilde transformed ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious... wilde transformed ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious... It is a matter of public, civil and not of personal opinion... to avoid... verbal and epistemic speculations about the content. Many names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. a syllable, when they combine the elements of the first and second acts, they are able to see. To avoid... verbal or epistemic speculations.... in a syllable, the word 'threshold' is avoided, 'tis the word 'threshold' is avoided... verbal or epistemic speculations about the content.... In a syllable, in which the words and the scenes are so sparing, the text has serious consequences. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. " In a play of this kind, in which language and effects are so sparing, the revisions had serious consequences." Richard ellmann says that wilde had grown up and wrote this work more quickly and accurately than before... sos eltis describes wilde's revisions as a refined art: the earliest handwritten drafts of the play on the most severe incidents, the broad puns, the nonsense dialogue and the comic turns... wilde transformed ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious... wilde transformed ordinary nonsense into the more systemic and disconcerting illogicality that characterizes serious... " To avoid... verbal and epistemic speculations about the content. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and It is a matter of public prudence, not of personal opinion... To avoid... verbal or epistemic speculations. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas's mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author knew, for example, Lady Queensberry and Lord Alfred Douglas' mother lived in Bracknell. Many of the names and ideas in the play were borrowed from people or places the author “Then, on Valentine’s day, the play was first performed at the theatre at St. James’s, on Valentine’s day 1895. It was a cold, snowy day; but Wilde arrived, wearing a shabby coiffure and a green carnation... On Valentine's Day, 1895, the play was first performed in the theatre at St James's, on Valentine's Day, 1895. The weather was very cold and snowy. But Wilde came, with a ragged and dusty coat and a green carnation. "Allan aynesworth, who played Algernon Moncrieff, remembered to hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than on that first night." '' - he said.'' Allan aynesworth, who played Algernon Moncrieff, said to hesketh pearson that 'in my fifty years of acting I never remember a greater triumph than the first night. On Valentine’s Day, 1895, the play was first performed at the theatre at St. James’s, on Valentine’s Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day, and Wilde came, wearing a ragged coat and a green carnation. The cast was: John Worthing, John... – George Alekseevich Algernon Moncrieff... allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrieff... Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, recalled to hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than the first night.” – he said. – On Valentine’s Day, the play was first performed in the theatre at St. James’s on Valentine’s Day, 1895. The weather was cold and snowy. Wilde arrived wearing a ragged, dusty coat and a green carnation. When Valentine’s Day came, the play was first performed at St James’s, on Valentine’s Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day; but Wilde arrived, wearing a shabby coat and a green carnation. On Valentine’s Day, 1895, the play was first performed at the theatre at St James’s on Valentine’s Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day; but Wilde came, in a shabby coat and a green carnation. “Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never recalled a greater triumph than on that first night.” “Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never recalled a greater triumph than on that first night.” The cast was: John Worthing, John... George Alekseevich, Algernon Moncrief... Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, recalled to hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never recalled a greater triumph than on that first night.” On Valentine's Day, 1895, the play was first performed at the theatre at St. James's on Valentine's Day, 1895; it was a cold, snowy day, but Wilde came, wearing a shabby coat and a green carnation. On Valentine's Day, 1895, the play was first performed at the theatre at St. James's, on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was cold, snowy, and Wilde came in a shabby coat and a green carnation. "Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than that first night." "Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than that first night." "And then, on Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St. James's theater on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a cold and snowy day; but Wilde arrived, in a ragged jacket and a green carnation. "On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St. James's theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, said to hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I never remembered a greater triumph than on the first night." Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, said hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than that first night. " On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at St James's, on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day, and Wilde came in a ragged coat and a green carnation. "Then, on Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at St James's, on Valentine's Day, on Valentine's Day. It was a cold, snowy day, and Wilde came in a ragged coat and a green carnation. On Valentine's Day, 1895, the play was first performed at St James's, on Valentine's Day, on Valentine's Day. It was cold, snowy, but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than on the first night." Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than on the first night.'On Valentine's Day the play was first performed at the St James's theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day, and Wilde, wearing a ragged coat and a green carnation, arrived cold and snowy, but Wilde, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than on the first night. " On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at St. James's on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a very cold, snowy day, but Wilde came, wearing a ragged jacket and a green carnation. Then, on Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St. James's The play was first performed at the St James's theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895; it was a cold, snowy day; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation;, on Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St James's theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895; it was a cold, snowy day, but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation; on Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St James's theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895; it was a very cold, snowy day; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St James's theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895; it was cold, snowy, but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation; allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than on the first night. On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St James's Theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895; it was cold, snowy; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St James's, on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day, but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh-pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than on the first night. On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at the St James's Theatre on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was a cold, snowy day, but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. On Valentine's Day, the play was first performed at St James's, on Valentine's Day, 1895. It was cold, snowy, but Wilde came, In the year 1895, the play was first performed at the St. James’s theatre, on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day; it was a cold and snowy day; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation; on Valentine’s Day, the play was first performed at the St. James’s theatre, on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day, and it was a cold and snowy day; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation; Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting, I never remember a greater triumph than that first night. ’s day, the play was first performed at the St. James’s theatre on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day, and it was cold and snowy; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. “On Valentine’s Day the play was first performed at St. James’s on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day, and it was cold and snowy, but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. On Valentine’s Day the play was first performed at the St. James’s theatre on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day, and it was cold and snowy; but Wilde came, in a ragged coat and a green carnation. Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than that first night.” “Allan aynesworth, Algernon Moncrief, told hesketh pearson that in my fifty years of acting I have never remembered a greater triumph than that first night.” On Valentine’s Day, the play was first performed at the St. James’s on Valentine’s Day, on Valentine’s Day, It was a cold, snowy day, but Wilde came in a ragged coat and a green carnation. Then, on Valentine’s Day, the play was first performed at the St. James’s The downfall of wilde’s business in england did not alter the popularity of his works in the south...’ The decline of wilde's business in england did not degrade the popularity of his works in the south... " Geoffrey Bergshaw, for example, reviewed the play in the saturday review, arguing that the play should touch as well as amuse, "i go to the theater to be moved to laughter." " If you didn't like wilde's seriousness as a dramatist, you can trust in the comedy's wit and humour, and the popularity of the play with the public. In the case of Wilde's failure in England, it did not degrade the popularity of his works in the south...." Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be taken as a comedy, and the popularity of the play with the public. " Later on in his letter he said that although the play was "incredibly funny" it was Wilde's "first really heartless play... ". " in the world, William Archer wrote that he had enjoyed watching the play, but found it empty of meaning: "what do a poor critic do with a play that does not concern any principle, whether art or moral, creates its canons and conventions, and is nothing but an irrepressibly witty expression of an irrepressibly witty personality? " But in the case of Wilde’s failure in England, it did not degrade the popularity of his plays in the south.” Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and the popularity of the play with the public. The demise of wilde’s theater business in England did not degrade the popularity of his works in the south.” Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that the play should be seen as a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. He did not even claim that the title ‘farce’ was derogatory or even lacking in seriousness, and said, ‘admittedly better farce is seen on the stage.’ — William Archer wrote that he had enjoyed the play, but found it void of meaning: “What do a poor critic do with a play that does not concern any principle, art or moral, defines its canons and conventions, and is only the irrepressibly witty expression of an irrepressibly witty personality?’ Later in his letter he said that though the play was ‘incredibly funny’, it was “the first heartless play... ” — b. Walkley admired the play and was one of the few to regard it as the culmination of wilde’s dramatic career. It did not diminish the popularity of wilde's plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, and argued that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play was irreproachable. But in the case of wilde's failure in England, it did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that the play was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. William Archer wrote that he had enjoyed the play, but found it lacking in meaning: "what do a poor critic do with a play that does not concern any principle, art or moral, determines its canons and conventions, and is only the irrepressibly witty expression of an irrepressibly witty personality?" The demise of wilde's theater in England did not degrade the popularity of his plays in the south. After all, in the letter he said that although the play was "extremely funny", it was "the first absurd play..." He did not even claim that the title "farce" was derogatory or even lacking seriousness, and said: "In the theatre there is no such thing as the "strike"! Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy and the popularity of the play with the public. The demise of wilde's theatre in England did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. The downfall of wilde's theatre in England did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south." It did not diminish the popularity of wilde’s works in the south.” Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. But in the case of wilde’s failure in England, it did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. After all, he said that although the play was incredibly funny, it was “the first absurd play in the theatre”... Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. In the future, he wrote that, although the play was “extremely funny”, it was “the first ridiculous play...” in the world, William Archer wrote that he had enjoyed watching the play, but found it void of meaning: “what do a poor critic do with a play that does not concern any principle, art or moral, determines its canons and conventions, and is merely the irrepressibly witty expression of an irrepressibly witty character?” Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. The downfall of wilde's theatre in England did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for entertainment that wilde should Were you not fond of wilde’s seriousness as a dramatist, you can rest assured that he’s as good as a playwright as he is of the most irrepressible fun and mirth as well as a public’s reaction to the comedy? Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Afterwards he wrote that although the play was "extremely funny", it was "the first ridiculous play in the theatre" - Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. The downfall of wilde's theatre in England did not degrade the popularity of his plays in the south. The downfall of wilde's theatre in England did not degrade the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the And the decline of wilde’s theatre in England did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, and argued that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. After all, in the letter he said that although the play was “extremely funny,” it was “the first absurd play in the theatre”—Even so, Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote that the play was incredibly funny, but “the first absurd play in the theater” —he did not even claim that the title “farce” was derogatory or even lacking in seriousness, and said: “In the theatre there is no such thing as a “farce””... But in the case of wilde’s failure in England it did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was This plays, though incredibly funny, was 'the first ridiculous play'...'Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, and said that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, and said that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. But the failure of wilde's theatre in England did not diminish the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. But in the case of wilde's failure in England it did not degrade the popularity of his plays in the south. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. And Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play in the Sunday Review, arguing that it was for amusement that wilde should be considered a comedy, and that the popularity of the play with the public was irreproachable. Geoffrey Bergshaw wrote about the play „What is so remarkable in this play is that it is constantly renewed.“ Then, too, Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most outrageous, saying that in his other comedies—“Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband—the plot, adapted from victorien sardou’s victories, was no longer related to the theme of the play, but the story “was put into an act of play”. Now Maxim said it was Wilde’s best and most ridiculous, saying that the plot in his other comedies—“Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfectly good husband—disappeared in the guise of the play, as “The Eras of Victory”; that “the plot was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou,” and that “the story was put into an act of play.” Then, too, Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most outrageous, saying that in his other comedies—“Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband—the plot had been adapted from victorien sardou’s victories, and that “the story was not originally a drama, but “a performance of play.” In 1902, alexander performed a revival in the St. James’s, in 1902. “But the wonder is that the play is continually renewed.” Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfectly good husband, the plot in the guise of the play was adapted from victorien sardou’s victories and that the “play” was not “a drama” but “a performance.” Now Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that the plot in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfectly good husband, was transformed into the form of a “Eeras of Victory,” that “the plot was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou” and that “the play was an act of play.” Then Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies—“Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband—the plot had been adapted from victorien sardou’s victories, and that “the story was not a drama but a play.” In 1902, Alexander performed a revival at St. James’s in 1902. In 1909, he and aynesworth were given the same roles. Then Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot, in the guise of the play, was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou, and that “the play” was not a drama but a performance. Now Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot, in the guise of the play, was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou, and that “the play was not a drama, but a performance.” Now Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfectly good husband, the plot, in the guise of the play, was adapted from victorien sardou’s victories, and that “the story was not a drama, but a performance.” In 1902, Alexander performed a revival at St. James’s in 1902. In 1909, he and edwards were given the same roles. “But the wonder is that the play is continually being renewed.” Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most ridiculous, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, changed into the form of “the Eras of Victory,” that “the plot was adapted from the victories of Victory,” and that “the play was an act of play.” In 1902 Alexander performed a revival in the St. James’s Theatre in 1902. In 1909 Alexander and aynesworth were given the same roles. “But the wonder is that the play is continually being renewed.” In 1902 Alexander performed a revival at the St James’s Theatre in 1902. In 1909 Alexander and edwards were given the same role. “The wonder is that the play is continually being renewed.” Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the story was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou and that the play was not a drama but a performance.” In 1902 Alexander performed a revival in the St. James’s Theatre in 1902. In 1909 Alexander and edwards were given the same roles. Now Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the story was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou, and that “the play was not a drama but a performance.” “But the wonder is that the play is constantly renewed.” In 1902 Alexander performed a revival in St. James’s in 1902. In 1909 Alexander and edwards were given the same roles. In 1902 Alexander performed a revival at the St James’s in 1902. In 1909 Alexander and edwards were given the same roles. Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, Miss Windermere’s fan, a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot, in the guise of the play, was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou, and that the “play” was not a drama but a performance. Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, Miss Windermere’s fan, a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot, in the guise of the play, was adapted from the victories of victoryn sardou and that “the play” was not a drama but a performance. “But the wonder is that the play is constantly renewed.” In 1902, Alexander performed a revival at St James’s in 1902. In 1909, Alexander and edwards were given the same roles. Now Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot was adapted from the victories of Victory, and that the “play” was not a drama but a performance. Then Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot was adapted from Victory’s victories, and that the “play” was not a drama but a performance. In 1902 Alexander performed a revival in the St James’s in 1902. In 1909 Alexander and edwards were given the same roles. Then Maxim called it Wilde’s best and most absurd, saying that in his other comedies, “Mistress Windermere’s fan,” a woman of no importance and a perfect husband, the plot was adapted from Victory’s victories, and that “the story was not a drama but a performance.” ...'he played jack to the bracknell of his aunt, mabel terry...'-'At the Globe theatre in 1939, gielgud produced and performed in a production at the Globe theatre in 1939, and a cast that included Edith Evans as lady bracknell, Joyce Carey as Gwendolen, Angela Baddeley as cecily, and margaret rutherford as Miss Prism... The time regarded the production as the best that it had ever been, and praised it for its fidelity to wilde's idea, for its "relative airy, light, animated" play... , they played jack to his aunt’s bracknell... he played jack to his aunt’s bracknell...’ During the Globe Theater in 1939 gielgud performed in a production of the work at the Globe Theatre, and a cast that included Edith Evans as Lady Bracknell, Joyce Carey as Gwendolen, Angela Baddeley as Cecily, and Margaret rutherford as Mme. Prism... During a 1936 performance at the haymarket the king and queen attended a performance, and as the journalist Geoffrey wheatcroft put it, ‘the performance was a very honoured one’... During a 1946 season at the haymarket, the king and queen had a large audience and gave the play the ‘most resolutely respectable’ rating. Later, in the same year, gielgud once again presented the work, with jack hawkins as algy, gwen ffrangcon’d davies as gwendolen, and peggy ashcroft as cecily, with evans and rutherford in their earlier roles. The time called the production the best that had ever been made, and the highest praise attributed it to its “relatively light and animated” play... They played jack to his aunt’s bracknell...’ During the Globe Theatre in 1939, gielgud performed in a production of the work at the Globe Theatre, with Edith Evans as lady bracknell, Joyce Carey as gwendolen, Angela Baddeley as cecily, and Margaret rutherford as Mme Prism... During the Globe Theatre in 1939, gielgud performed in a production of the work at the Globe Theatre, and a cast that included Edith Evans as Lady Bracknell, Joyce Carey as Gwendolen, Angela Baddeley as Cecily, and Margaret rutherford as Mme Prism... During the week of the 1940s, the king and queen attended a performance, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, “the performance was very laudable.” Later, in 1946, the king and queen had a large audience, and gave the play the "most resolutely respectable" rating. During a play at the haymarket in 1936, the king and queen went to a performance, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, “it was very laudable”... After a period of a century, the journalist mark lawson described it as “the second most popular and quoted play in the english language,” ”[8]”[9]. The Globe Theater in 1939, gielgyr performed in a performance at the Globe Theater, with Edith Evans as lady bracknell, Joyce Carey as gwendolen, Angela Baddeley as gwendolen, and Margaret Russhford as gwendolen... In the same year, in a performance at the haymarket, the king and queen were a large audience, and gave the play the "much-praised" rating. During a performance at the haymarket in 1936, the king and queen attended a performance, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, "very honorable". During the week of the 19th century, the journalist mark lawson described it as "the second most popular and quoted play in the English language." In the same year, the king and queen went to a performance at the haymarket, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, "the performance was very honorable." During the 19th century, the newspaper Mark Lawson described the play as the second most popular and quoted play in the english language." In the theater in 1939, gielgy performed in a production of the play, with Edith Evans as lady bracknell, Joyce Carey as lady bracknell, Angela Baddeley as lady bracknell, and Margaret Russind as lady Prism... During the week of the 1930s, the king and queen went to a performance, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, "it was very laudable." During a performance at the theater in 1936, the king and queen attended, and as the journalist Geoffrey Russin said, "it was very laudable." During the same year, the king and queen had a large audience and praised the play as a "successful" performance. Then a decade later, at the Paris theatre, he performed a performance of jack to his aunt, mabel terry... During the year 1893, the king and queen went to a performance at the haymarket, and as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft said, “it was very good.” In 1939 the theatre company produced and performed a performance of jack to his aunt, Joyce Carey as jack, Angela Baddeley as jack, and Margaret Russhford as jack. In the theatre company in 1939 gibe performed in a production of the play with Edith Evans as jack, Joyce Carey as jack, Angela Baddeley as jack, and Margaret Russhford as jack... During a performance at the haymarket in 1936 the king and queen attended a performance, and as the journalist Geoffrey Russin said,'very honorable'... In 1939 gibe performed in a production of the play at the gibe, with Edith Evans as jack, Joyce Carey as jack, Angela Baddeley as jack, and Margaret Russhford as jack... During the week of the 19th century, the journalist Mark Lawson described it as the second most popular and quoted play in the English language. During the week of the 19th century, the journalist Mark Lawson described it as the second most popular and quoted play in the English language. In the theater in 1939, gibe performed in a production of the play with Edith Evans as jack, Joyce Carey as jack, Angela Baddeley as jack, and Margaret Russind as jack... During the week of the 19th century, the king and queen went to a performance, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, "the performance was very good." During the 1936 performance, the king and queen attended a performance, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put it, "very good." In 1936, the king and queen attended a performance, and as the journalist Geoffrey Russin said, "very good"... During the same year, the king and queen attended a performance at the haymarket, and, as the Then in 1893 the king and queen attended a performance at the haymarket, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft said, “very good.” During the year 1936, at the haymarket, the king and queen attended a performance, and as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft said, “very good.” During the week of the 19th century, the journalist Mark Lawson described the play as the second most popular and quoted in the English language. In the theater in 1939, gidd performed in a production of the play with Edith Evans as lady bracknell, Joyce Carey as lady bracknell, Angela Baddeley as lady bracknell, and Margaret Russhford as lady Prism. In 1939, gidd performed in a production of the play with Edith Evans as lady bracknell, Joyce Carey as lady bracknell, and Maria Baddeley as lady Prism, and during the play in the play he played a jack to his aunt’s bracknell... During a performance at the haymarket in 1936, the king and queen went to a performance, and, as the journalist Geoffrey Russin said, ‘very honourable’. During the week of the 19th century, the journalist Mark Lawson described the play as the second most popular and quoted in the English language. In 1939, gielgy performed in a production of the play, with Edith Evans as a bracknell, Joyce Carey as a bracknell, Angela Baddeley as a bracknell, and Margaret Russhford as a bracknell... In the same year, in the theatre, the king and queen had a large audience and called the play “very good”... In 1939, he performed in a production of the play with Edith Evans as a bracknell, Joyce Carey as a bracknell, Angela Baddeley as a bracknell, and Margaret Russhford as a bracknell... During the week of the 19th century, the journalist Mark Lawson called it “the second most popular and quoted play in the English language”... In 1939, gidd performed in a production of Algernon, paul o’brien as lane, charlotte parry as cecily, david furr as jack, and sara topham as gwendolen. The play was also presented internationally, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the british theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s greenwich theatre in april 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien as lane, charlotte parry as cecily, david furr as jack, and sara topham as gwendolen. The play was also given abroad in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien as lane, charlotte parry as cecily, david furr as jack, and sara topham as gwendolen. The play was also given abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich theatre in April 2005. The play was also given abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien as lane, charlotte parry as lane, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, however, refuses his consent till ernest explains why his cigarette-box bears the words, “from little cecily, with her most fond love for her dear uncle Jack.” Algernon, paul o’brien as lane, charlotte parry as lane, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was also given abroad abroad in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. In the village he takes up a serious attitude for the sake of his young ward, the heiress, cecily cardew, and goes by the name of john (or, as a nickname, jack) while pretending to have to worry about a scoundrel named ernest in London. The play was also given abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon refuses his consent until ernest explains why his cigarette box says: ‘From little cecily, with her most cherished love for her uncle Jack.’ In the city, however, he assumes the name of the libertine ernest... And he takes up a serious attitude for his young ward, the girl, called cecily, and goes by the name of john (or, as a nickname, jack), while pretending to be afraid of a scoundrel named ernest in London. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was given abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was also given abroad abroad in singapore in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company took it to London’s Greenwich theatre in April 2005. Algernon refuses to give his consent until ernest explains why his cigarette box says: “From little cecily, with her most cherished love for her dear uncle Jack.” Algernon, however, refuses his consent until ernest explains why his cigarette box says: “From little cecily, with her most cherished love for her uncle Jack.” Algernon, however, refuses to give his consent until ernest explains why his cigarette box says: “From little cecily, with her most cherished love for her uncle Jack.” Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was also given abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. The play was also given abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. And he takes up seriousity for his young pupil, the young lady called cecily, and goes by the name of john (or, as a nickname, jack), while pretending to be afraid of a scoundrel called ernest in London. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. In the village, however, he takes up seriousness for his young pupil, the girl called cecily, and goes by the name of john (or, as a nickname, jack), while pretending to be afraid of a scoundrel called ernest in London. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was also given abroad abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. The play was given , but he actually refused to consent until ernest explained why his cigarette box says: “From little cecily, with her dearest love for her uncle Jack.” Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was given abroad abroad in singapore in the autumn of 2004 by the British theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich theatre in April 2005. The play was given abroad abroad in singapore in the autumn of 2004 by the British theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was given abroad abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. The play was given abroad abroad, abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British Theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre in April 2005. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte parry, david furr as jack, and sara topham as jack. The play was also given abroad abroad abroad, in singapore, in the autumn of 2004 by the British theatre, and the same company brought it to London’s Greenwich Theatre. Algernon, paul o’brien, charlotte , he said, piously. On the cuff of his sleeve, he noted that jack's revelation of his pretty and rich ward had inspired his friend to meet her. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack's sexy and rich family had inspired his friend to get to know her. She is long fascinated by uncle jack's absent and black sheepish brother. She is predisposed to fall for Algernon, who plays ernest (a name which, like gwendolen, she is not at all opposed to). Therefore, algernon plans to give a re-christening to him to the priest, dr. chasuble, so that he may call him "ernest"... On the cuff of his sleeve, he noticed that jack's sexy and rich family had inspired him to meet her. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack's boast of his own beautiful and rich ward had inspired his friend to meet her. Gwendolen came in a frantic state and pronounced his brother's death in Paris under a severe chill, which algernon had been disguised as ernest. " Gwendolen is here now, having run away from home... On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack’s rich and wealthy family had inspired him to meet her. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack’s boast of his own rich and rich family had inspired his friend to meet her. Gwendolen came in a furious state, and announced the death of his brother in Paris under a chilly breeze. ’ Xavier d’Arcy had he rubbed algernon in the face and pretended to be “ernest” to her. She was ever fond of uncle jack’s absent and black sheepish brother, and she is in love with Algernon, who plays “ernest” (a name which, like Gwendolen, she was not at all opposed to). “And when jack and Algernon appeared again, their deceptions were revealed. On the cuff of his sleeve, he noticed that jack’s rich and rich family had tempted him to make friends with her. Gwendolen is now here, after he’s left home. he said pleadingly. And when jack and Algernon appeared again, their deceptions were exposed. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack's rich and rich family inspired him to meet her. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack's rich and rich family tempted him to meet her.... Gwendolen is here, after he left home. Gwendolen came in a furious state, and announced his brother's death in Paris under a chilly wind. He was always fond of Uncle Jack's absent and black sheepish brother, and he is in love with Algernon, who plays "ernest" (which she is not at all opposed to), so algernon plans to give him a re-christening to the priest, the priest of dr. chasuble, so that he will call him "ernest"... Then, jack and Algernon appeared again, their deceptions were revealed, and he noticed that jack's rich and rich family inspired him to meet her. She is fond of uncle jack's absent and black sheepish brother, and she is in love with Algernon, who plays "ernest" (which, like Gwendolen, she is not at all opposed to). And he saw, on the cuff of his sleeve, that jack's rich and rich family tempted him to meet her. Xavier d'Arcy had he rubbed algernon in the face and pretended to be "ernest" to her. Gwendolen is now here, after he left home. Gwendolen is here now, after he left home. There were jack and Algernon again, and they were caught, and he saw that jack’s rich and rich family tempted him to meet her. Gwendolen was in a rage, and announced the death of his brother in Paris, under a chill, by the disguise of Algernon. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack’s rich and rich family tempted him to meet her. Xavier d’Arcy had rubbed algernon in the face and pretended to be ‘ernest’. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack’s rich and rich family tempted him to meet her. On the cuff of his sleeve he noticed that jack’s rich and rich family tempted him to meet her. Gwendolen was in a rage and announced his brother’s death in Paris under a cold wind. Gwendolen was here, after he had left home. Gwendolen was in a rage and announced his brother’s death in Paris under a cold wind. Xavier d’Arcy had rubbed algernon in the face and pretended to be ‘ernest’. And he saw, on the cuff of his sleeve, that jack’s rich and rich family tempted him to meet her. She has long been fond of Uncle Jack’s absent and black sheepish brother, and she is in love with Algernon, who plays ‘ernest’ (which she is not at all opposed to), therefore, algernon plans to give him a rechristening to the priest, the priest of dr. Chasuble, so that he may call him ‘ernest’. Gwendolen is here now, after he left home. Gwendolen is here now, after he left home. “The elder brother.” Gwendolen, meanwhile, insists that she can only love a man named ernest... “The elder brother.” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “concludes she can only love a man called ernest...” jack examines the army records and finds that his father’s name – and thus his real name – was ernest. - The elder brother. - Gwendolen, said Gwendolen, - concludes that she can only love a man called ernest... “ The elder brother.” The happy couple kiss—jack and gwendolen, algernon and cecily, and even dr. chasuble and Miss Porcupine—mistress bracknell says to her new relative: 'My nephew, you seem to be showing signs of triviality...' The pretence was the truth. Jack inspected the army records and found that his father's name, and thus his real name, was ernest. The happy couple kissed, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine, and the new relative says to her new relative: “My nephew, you seem to be showing signs of a lack of discernment...” “The elder brother.” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has concluded that she can only love a man named ernest...” “The elder brother.” “The elder brother.” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has concluded that she can only love a man named ernest...” “The elder brother.” “The elder brother.” “The elder brother.” Jack inspected the records of the army and found that his father’s name and thus his real name was ernest. "The elder brother." The richly pleased couple kiss, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine. The enchanted Mrs. Bracknell says to her new relative: "My nephew, you seem to have the slightest lack of discernment." "The elder brother." "Gwendolen," said Gwendolen, "concludes that she can only love a man named ernest." The older brother. The older brother. Jack inspected the military records and found that his father's name, and therefore his real name, was ernest. "The elder brother." The elder brother. "Gwendolen," said Gwendolen, "concludes that she can only love a man named ernest", "the elder brother." "The elder brother." The curious couple kissed, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine, and the new relative says to her new relative: "My nephew, you seem to be acting in a wrong way" " The elder brother." ' Gwendolen,' said Gwendolen, 'decided that she can only love a man called ernest.' The elder brother. The curious couple kissed, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine; enchanted Madame Bracknell says to her new relative: 'My nephew, you seem to be acting stupidly' 'The elder brother.''The elder brother.' Jack inspected the records of the army and found that his father's name and thus his real name was ernest. Then, examining the army records, he found that his father's name and hence his real name was ernest, 'The elder brother.''The elder brother.''The elder brother.''Gwendolen,' said Gwendolen, 'has concluded that she can only love ernest''The elder brother.''The elder brother.' 'The elder brother.' 'Gwendolen,' said Gwendolen, 'has concluded that she can only love ernest,' 'the elder brother.' The unfaithful Mrs. Bracknell says to her new relative: 'My nephew, you seem to be a little ill-fated' 'The elder brother.' 'The elder brother.''The elder brother.' Then he inspected the records of the army and found that his father's name, and therefore his real name, was ernest.'The elder brother.' "The elder brother." The witty couple kissed, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine; Madame Bracknell says to her new relative: “My nephew, you seem to be acting stupidly” – “The elder brother.” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has decided that she can only love ernest,” “The elder brother.” The witty couple kissed, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine; the unfaithful Madame Bracknell says to her new relative: “My nephew, you seem to be acting foolishly” – “The elder brother.” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has decided that she can only love ernest” – “The elder brother.” Then he inspected the military records and found that his father’s name, and therefore his real name, was ernest; “The elder brother.” The “older brother” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has decided that she can only love ernest” – “the elder brother.” The “older brother” – “older brother.” The old brother. The curious couple kissed, Jack and Gwendolen, Algernon and Cecily, and even Dr. Chasuble and Miss Porcupine; the enchanted Mme. Bracknell says to her new relative: “My nephew, you seem to be a little ungrateful” – “the old brother.” – “older brother.” – “older brother.” The older brother. The “older brother,” “older brother.” “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has decided that she can only love ernest,” “older brother.” – “The older brother.” – “Gwendolen,” said Gwendolen, “has decided that she can only love ernest” – “older brother.” – The old brother. – “Gwendolen,” said Gwendo ...... for the most innocent purpose... that is, to avoid unwelcome social obligations... as for the "baracking" of Gernon and the double life of worthing... it "don't want" to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for instance bernard shaw, who played the part of people to elevate grander ideals... As for Gernon's brazen life and double life of worth, it "didn't want" to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for example bernard shaw, who played the part of the people to elevate the higher ideals..., as a satire of society. The title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see humorous comedies), introduces the subject, continues in the conversation of the room: "yes, but you must be serious about it.... And the “barracking” of Gernon and the double life of value........ it “didn’t want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like bernard shaw, who played the part of the people to rise above the high ideals... as a parody of society. Its title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy, to which algernon refers), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: “yes, but you have to be serious....” As for Gernon’s brazen life and double life, it ‘didn’t want’ to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for example, Bernard Shaw, who was the example of the people to raise the higher ideals.... ... as for the brigandage of Gernon and the double life of value... it “didn’t want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who played the role of people to uplift their higher ideals... as a parody of society. As for Gernon’s brazen life and double life... it “didn’t want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who played the role of people to uplift their higher ideals... as a parody of society. The title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy, to which Algernon refers), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: “yes, but be serious.” Its title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see funny comedies), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: “yes, but be serious...” When jack apologizes to Gwendolen during his marriage proposal, it is for not being a good-for-nothing; jack: “Gwendolen, it is a dreadful thing for a man to suddenly find out that all his life he spoke the truth... You know, to avoid arbitrary social obligations... As for Gernon's blatant life and double life... it ‘didn’t want’ to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for instance, Bernard Shaw, who played the role of the people to raise the higher ideals... as for Gernon's blatant life and double life... it ‘didn’t want’ to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who played the role of people to raise the higher ideals... as a parody of society. In Gernon's blatant life and double life... it "didn’t want" to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who were the example of people aiming at higher ideals... as a parody of society. Its title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy, to which Algernon refers), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: "yes, but you must be serious. " The title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy, to which Algernon refers), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: "yes, but be serious." And as for Gernon's brazen life and the double life, it "did not" want to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for example, Bernard Shaw, who represented the people to raise their higher ideals... as satire of society. The name, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: "yes, but be serious. " The title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy, to which Algernon refers), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: “yes, but you must be serious.” The title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy, to which Algernon refers), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: “yes, but you must be serious.” The “battle” of Gernon and the double life, it “did not” want to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for example, Bernard Shaw, who played the role of the people to uplift their higher ideals... it “did not want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, for example, Bernard Shaw, who played the role of the people to uplift their higher ideals... as for Gernon’s “double life”... it “did not want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who played the role of the people to uplift their higher ideals... as for Gernon’s “double life”... it “did not want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who represented the people to uplift their higher ideals... as satire of society. And gwendolen’s “double life”... it “did not want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who had the role of the people to uplift their higher ideals... as satire of society. As for Gernon’s “double life”... it “did not want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who were the example of the people to uplift their higher ideals... as for Gernon’s “double life”... it “did not want” to be the example of other dramatists of the time, like Bernard Shaw, who had the role of the people to uplift their higher ideals... as satire of society. Its title, with its subtlety (for serious people do not see comedy), introduces the subject, continues the conversation in the room: “yes, but wilde’s profusion of the rules and rituals of society was carved into the bracknell of lady Bracknell: her keen eye for the nuances of her style created a comic effect of assertiveness by restraint. In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social distinctions of London’s streets, jack’s obscure parentage is subtly evoked... wilde’s profusion of the rules and rituals of society was carved into the bracken of Lady Bracknell. Her sharp eye for the subtleties of her style gave a comic effect of impotence. In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social differences of London, jack’s obscure family name is subtly portrayed... [p. 279] He defends himself against her ‘a handbag?’... [p. 270] Ignoring her vast knowledge of the social distinctions of London, jack's obscure family name is subtly portrayed... [p. 270] In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social differences of London, jack's obscure family name is subtly portrayed... In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social distinctions of London, jack's obscure family name is subtly depicted... he defends himself against "a handbag?"... [p. 270] He defends himself against "a handbag?"... [p. 270] - After his release from prison, wilde said: - it was extraordinary to read the play after... he read it... The profusion of rules and customs of society was carved into the bracken of Mrs. Bracknell. Her sensitivity to the subtleties of her style produced a comic effect of impotence. In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social differences of London, jack’s obscure family name is subtly portrayed. Despite her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social differences of London, jack’s obscure family name is subtly portrayed... He defends himself against her “a handbag”... p. 270”“Pretty” might have been the genre of homosexual, as in: “Are they serious?” The dreadful world’ was the title of the play after the release of the prisoner. The profusion of the rules and rituals of society was carved into the crannies of Mme. Bracknell. Her sharp eye for the subtleties of her style created a comic effect of restraint. In contrast to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social differences in London, jack’s obscure family name is subtly displayed... He defends himself against ‘a handbag’... wilde's infatuation with the social order in London is subtly depicted... Despite her enormous knowledge of the social order in London, jack's infatuation with the other man is subtly depicted... he answered in his interminable ringing voice: ‘No, no!’ he replied in his voice, ‘No, no!’ he replied in his ringing tones: ‘No, no!’ the first time i heard of it was in the 1980s, and i immediately consulted Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical history was encyclopaedic. the first time i heard of it was in the 1980s, and i immediately sought advice from Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of the theatrical history was encyclopaedic. “No, no!” he replied in a voice which he kept on ringing, “No, no!” he replied in a ringing voice, “No, no!” he answered in a whisper, “No, no!” a number of theories have been suggested to explain the origin of bunbury and the ruse of bunbury, which are used in the play to imply a secret double life. I heard about it in the 1980s and i immediately sought advice from Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical history was encyclopaedic. ‘No, no!’ he answered in his constant, irritating voice, ‘No, no!’ he answered in a ringing voice, ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper, ‘No, no!’ he replied in his voice, ‘No, no!’ he answered in a ringing voice, ‘No, no!’ he replied in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ and he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ another suggestion, introduced in 1913 by aleister crowley, who knew wilde, was that in bunbury there was a mix of words: that wilde had once taken the train to banbury, met a schoolboy there, and secretly made a second secret meeting with him at sunbury. The first time i heard of it was in the 1980s, and i immediately sought advice from Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical history was encyclopaedic. ‘No, no!’ he answered in his constant, irritating voice. ‘No, no!’ he replied in a whisper. ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper, ‘No, no!’ he replied in a whisper, ‘No, no!’ he replied in a whisper, ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ and he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ and he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ another suggestion, introduced in 1913 by aleister crowley, who knew wilde, was that there was a mix of words in bunbury, that wilde had once gone to banbury, met a schoolboy there, and had secretly had another secret meeting with him at sunbury. The formidable speech of lady bracknell is as shocking for her hyperbole and rhetorical gimmickry as for her disconcerting opinions. I first heard about it in the 1980s, and I immediately sought advice from Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical history was encyclopaedic. I heard about it in the 1980s and immediately sought advice from Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical history was encyclopaedic. The formidable speech of Mrs. Bracknell is as shocking for its excessive prattle and rhetorical swagger as for its disconcerting opinion. The first time i heard about it was in the 1980s, and i immediately sought advice from Mr. Riel, whose performance in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical history was encyclopaedic. ‘No, no,’ he answered in a ringing voice, ‘No, no,’ he answered in a whisper, ‘No, no,’ he answered in a whisper, ‘No, no,’ he answered in a whisper, ‘No, no,’ he answered in a whisper, ‘No, no!’ and answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a whisper: ‘No, no!’ he answered in a answered in a whisper: "No, no!" he answered in a whisper: "No, no!" he answered in —that is, in the history of the theatre in dublin in 2010, stockard channing hushed the line in a critic’s words, “with a slight air of barely audible “ with a handbag? ” — the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the 1952 film, came in loudly with a mixture of horror, contempt and condescension. —that is to say, in the history of the theater in dublin in 2010, stockard channing lowered his tone, with a slight air of “I have a handbag? “—the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the 1952 film, came in loudly with horror, contempt, and contempt. He sounded less overwrought than he had been in his earlier comedies.... a subtlety that he wore in his later works. “By God, in a city where we know him, he plays with boldness and subtlety. He seems able to take matters into his own hands with greater adroitness.... “By God, in a town like ours, he plays with subtlety and savagery. He sounds more aggressive than he had done in his earlier comedies. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of “I have a handbag?”—the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the 1952 film, came in with horror, contempt and contempt. For the two young men, wilde presents not such a kitchy dude as stage characters on the stage, but intelligent beings who, as Jackson puts it, speak like their creator in well-formed, well-formed sentences and rarely use slang or fashionable words.” dr chasuble and miss prism are characterised by a few subtle touches of detail, their former old schooling, their refined and scrupulous condescension, finely refined by wilde in his many redrafts of the text. “By God, in a city like ours, he plays with more subtlety and delicacy. He sounds less overwrought than he did in his earlier comedies. Lady Bracknell, for example, embodies a respectable, upper class society, but eltis notes how her development “from a familiar and overbearing duchess into a distinctly different and threatening character” can be traced by wilde’s revisions of the play. To the two young men, wilde presents not such a dormant character as characters on the stage, but intelligent beings, as Jackson puts it, who speak as their Creator in well-formed, well-formed words, and rarely use slang or fashionable words. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of ‘I have a handbag?’—the old wretch edith evans, both on the stage and in the film, came in loudly with horror, contempt and contempt. For the two young men, wilde does not seem to present a brat as on the stage, but intelligent people who, as Jackson puts it, speak like their creator in well-formed, well-formed sentences and seldom use slang or fashionable expressions.”... Mr. Chasuble and Miss Plett—a respectable, upper class society, for example—began to the development of their character from the “domestic and the most troublesome” to a “distinct and threatening character” by wilde’s revisions of the text. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of “I have a handbag?”—the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the 1952 film, came in loudly with horror, contempt, and contempt. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of “I have a handbag?”—the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the 1952 film, came in loudly with horror, contempt and contempt. Lady Bracknell, for example, represents a respectable upper class society, but eltis notes how she has been progressively developed from a “crumb and high-class duchess” to a more threatening and perilous character. Then there was a touch of subtlety in Mr. Chasuble and Miss Plett, their former schooling, the refined and scrupulous condescension which wilde finely engrafted into the text. ‘ By God, in a city where we know him, he plays with subtlety and delicacy. He sounds more adroitly than he did in his earlier comedies.’ In a modern theatrical history, Mr. Channing lowered his voice with a slight air of ‘I have a handbag?’ – the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the film, came in with horror, contempt and contempt. The two young men, however, do not seem to be a pack of savages like on stage, but intelligent people, as Jackson puts it, who speak as their Creator in well-formed, well-formed words and rarely use fashionable expressions. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of “I have a handbag?”—the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the film, came in loudly with horror, contempt and contempt. Lady Bracknell represents a respectable upper class society, but eltis describes how she has been gradually developed from a ‘high and high-class duchess’ to a more dangerous and perilous character. Lady Bracknell, for example, represents a respectable upper class society, but eltis notes that her development from a ‘common and unruly duchess’ to a ‘distinctly different and threatening character’ is exemplified by wilde’s revisions of the text. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of ‘I have a handbag?’—the old wretch edith evans, both on stage and in the film, came in with horror, contempt, and contempt. In a modern theatrical history, stockard channing lowered his voice with a slight air of ‘I have a handbag?’—the old wretch edith evans, both on , foster, argues that the play produces a world in which ‘real values are reversed and reason and reason are thrown together.’ Similarly, wilde’s dialogue mocks the upper classes of victorian england, thus fostering a satirical tone. Reinhart adds that the use of farcical humour in mocking the upper classes “is a merit, both as satire and as drama.” In fact, the play calls into question the world of bourgeois culture in a real and unreal world, in which ‘real values are reversed, reason and reason are mixed up.’ Reinhart adds that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes in a satirical sense “is a great merit, both as satire and as drama.” In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers agreed with wilde to publish the two last plays... First edition... In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde had already agreed to publish the last two plays. Wilde’s dialogue mocks the upper classes of victoria, and so brings it in the tone of satire. Reinhart adds that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. Wilde, as he was doing in 1898, proved to be a diligent reader, sending detailed instructions on the staging, character descriptions and the exhibition of the play, and he imposed that a playbill from the first performance be reproduced inside. It turned out that the play produced a world in which “reality is turned upside down, reason and reason are mixed up.” Wilde’s play about the upper classes of victoria did not appear on the cover, it was “by the author of Lady Windermere’s fan”... Reinhart adds that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. The effect was that the play created a world in which ‘reality is turned upside down, reason and reason are mixed up’. Wilde’s play about the upper classes of victoria did not appear on the cover, it was “by the author of Lady Windermere’s fan”... Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. Wilde, as he did in 1898, was a careful reader, sent him detailed instructions on the stage, character descriptions and the show of the play, and he imposed on the theatre and the production of a playbill to be reproduced inside. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde had agreed to publish the last two plays. It turned out that the play produced a world where “reality is turned upside down and reason and reason are mixed up.” “At least,” he added, “the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. “On the 19th of October 2007, a first edition of the first play (number 349) was discovered in a handbag in an oxfam shop in nantwich, cheshire. Reinhart adds that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. , she argues that the play is the creation of a world in which “real values are reversed and reason and reason are mixed.” Similarly, Wilde’s dialogue mocks the upper classes of victoria, thus fostering a satirical tone. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde had agreed to publish the last two plays. Wilde, as he had done in 1898, proved to be a faithful reader, sending him detailed instructions on the staging, the character-picture, and the presentation of the play, and he decreed that a play-bill of the first performance be reproduced. It turned out that the play produced a world in which “reality is turned upside down, reason and reason are mixed up.” Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satirical and as drama. The importance of being sincere has prompted it to be translated into many languages, though the homophonous pun in the title (ernest,” the masculine name of the play, and “berman,” the virtue of firmness and seriousness) poses a special problem for translators. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. The effect was that the play produced a world where "reality is turned upside down, reason and reason are mixed up." Wilde's play about the upper classes of victoria did not appear on the cover, it was "by the author of Lady Windermere's fan"... Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes "is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. , argues that the play is the creation of a world in which "real values are reversed, reason and reason are mixed up." Similarly, Wilde's dialogue mocks the upper classes of victoria, thus giving a satirical air. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. Wilde, as he had done in 1898, was a diligent reader, sending detailed instructions about the stage, the character descriptions, and the performance of the play, and he instructed on the stage and in the production of the play the puppets to be reproduced. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. Wilde's "Alma" - the upper classes of victoria did not appear on the cover, it was "by the author of Lady Windermere's fan" - Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes "is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and as drama. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. In 1898, when no one else would, leonard smithers and wilde agreed to publish the last two plays. Wilde's play about the upper classes of victoria did not appear on the cover, it was "by the author of Lady Windermere"... Reinhart added that the use of farcical humor in mocking the upper classes is a great merit, both as satire and drama. - the most common titles in german, the most general ones: bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder zu sein... ‘The most common titles in german are: bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder zu sein...’ Because there are many peculiarities in the language in question, translators are faced with a choice: either to remain faithful to the original word, in this case the english adjective and virtue, or to devise a similar pun in their own language... The first is to leave all the characters’ names as they were in their original word: thus the name is respected, and the readers are reminded of the original cultural setting, but the brilliance of the pun is lost. It is a man, I say, that he possesses the soul of a man, to be a man, to hold an office, to speak of his work in the strictest possible terms, to be a minister, to serve the welfare of the whole or any one of its elements, to make a concerted effort to present the script in a light-hearted manner. To these, the word “bundle” is called, and in this language, the term “bundle” means, for instance, “incidental,” “incidental” is “enhanced”; and “incidental” is “enhanced,” “or, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, nay, the famous “dot” of “This Place” is of this area. Its important value, that of honesty, propriety, and loyalty, are presented, respectively, in these acts: the most common titles in german, the most general ones: „Boubury, und n n n ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, in German are the title: bunbury, und ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, n The most common titles in german are: bunbury or wie wichtig es ist, bunbury or wie wichtig es ist, bunbury or wie wichtig es ist, bunbury or wie wichtig es ist, bunbury or wie wichtig es ist, bunbury or zu sein... The most common titles in german are: bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist, bunbury oder zu sein... In english, the most common titles are: bunbury orny,  ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, ny, - Conjuction! [Chief] Danny tutin, Donnée tutin, Joan Greenwood, Gwendolen, and Margaritat Rutherford (Miss Peterson), Miles Malleson (Canon chasuble) were present... In 1992 kurt baker directed an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, ann weldon as lady bracknell, lanei chapman as cecily, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and brock peters as Doctor Chasuble. “Conjuction!” - Danny tutin, Donnée tutin, Joan Greenwood, Gwendolen, Margaritat Rutherford, Miles Malleson (Canon chasuble) was present. In 1992, Kurt baker acted in an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, ann weldon as lady bracknell, lanei chapman as lady bracknell, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and brock peters as Doctor Chasuble. oliver parker, the english director who had previously adapted an ideal husband by wilde, made a version of the same play in 2002, which stars colin firth (jack), rupert everett (algy), judi dench ( lady bracknell), reese witherspoon ( cecily), frances o' connor (gwendolen), anna massey (miss prism), tom wilkinson (canon chasuble)... In 1992 Kurt Baker directed a all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, lanei tuckman as lady bracknn, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and brock peter as Doctor Chasuble. The lady-musical troupe takarazuka revue put this musical together in two plays, one by the moon-band and the other by the flower-band.... In 1962, Kurt baker directed a whole cast of all-black, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, lanei chapman as thou still, chris calloway as thou streuen, chris pounder as thou streuen, brock peters as thou streuen, brock peters as thou streuen..... in 1962, the English director who had previously adapted Wilde’s An Ideal Husband, produced a version of this production in which cast-members colin firth (jack), rupert everett (algy), judi dench ( lady bracknell), reese witherspoon ( cecily), frances o’connor (gwendolen), anna massey (miss prism), and tom wilkinson (canon chasuble)... When Michael the Great first, at the age of nine, saw the play, which was called "He Who is Disciple"; it was performed by Julie Wollandov, who wrote the lines and he performed in the fourth act, the whole company was based on the play, and, in the fourth act, the whole company was portrayed by the whole horde of the three comrades. This production is performed by the opera company “Devil Is Highest in the World,” and a full cast of players in the second act, that is, by the voice of Richard Chichikov, played by an actress of the first class, on the stage, by a lady, an actress in the first act, a girl, a pantaloon, a cymbals, a crotch and a choir, in which tenor Julienty-et Jaeglén, deuce, and a play by the same title in 2002, featuring colin firth ; wren t; wren t; reese witherspoon ; reese witherspoon ; frances o’connor ; anna massey; neen in a clog; brock peters tannen t; brock peters tannen... In 1992, Kurt Baker directed an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, lanei tuckman as lady bracknn, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and brock peters as Doctor Chasuble. In 1962, the English director who had previously adapted Wilde’s An Ideal Husband, produced a version of this play, which featured colin firth (jack), rupert everett (algy), judi dench (woman bracknn), reese witherspoon (her), frances o’connor (gwendolen), anna massey (miss prism), and tom In 1962 Kurt Baker directed an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, lanei tuckman as lady bracknn, lanei tuckman as lady bracknn, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and cch pounder as Dr. Chasuble. In 1992 Kurt Baker directed an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, lanei tuckman as lady bracknn, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and cch pounder as Doctor Chasuble. In the first act Michael the Great saw the play, which was called ‘He Who is a Disciple’, by Julie Wollandov, who wrote the lines and performed in the fourth act, the whole company was based on the play, and in the fourth act the whole company was based on the play, and in the fourth act the whole company was represented by the whole gang of three companions. Then the English director, having previously adapted Wilde’s An Ideal Husband, produced a version of this play, which included colin firth, rupert everett, judi dench (woman bracknn), reese witherspoon (her), frances o’connor, anna massey, brock peters tannen tannen... In 1992 Kurt Baker directed an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wren t brown as Algernon, lanei tuckman as lady bracknon, chris calloway as gwendolen, cch pounder as Miss Peterson, and brock peters as Doctor Chasuble. In 1962, the English director who had been adapted by Wilde’s An Ideal Husband, performed a version of this work, in which the cast consisted of colin firth Tom wilkinson, a lady who was a deuce, and a play by the same title, of which Joseph Avanovich, a tenor, played in the first act, a lady, a dress, a skirt, a cymbal, and a choir, in which the tenor Julienty-et Jaeglén, deuce, and the same title in 2002, had the appearance of Joseph Avanovich, an actress of the first class, on the stage, by a lady, a girl, a pantaloon, a cymbals, a cymbals, and a choir, in which the tenor Julienty-et Jaeglén, deuce, and the play by the same title, in which the voice of Richard Chichikov was played by an actress of the first class, by an actress, a girl, a pantaloon, a cymbals, a cymbals, and a choir, in which the tenor Julienty-et Jaeglén, a deuce, and a play in which, in the first act, was a lady, a girl, a cymbals, a crotch, and a choir, in which the tenor Julienty-et Jaeglén, a deuce, and a play by the same title in 2002 starred colin firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, firth, reese witherspoon, reese witherspoon, frances o'connor, anna massey, brock peters tannen tannen... In 1992, Kurt Baker directed an all-black cast, with daryl keith roach as jack, wrent brown as Algernon, lanei tuckman as lady bracknn, They performed it in los angeles in 2011... the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Barbican Centre in London. The stage première was given by the opera national de lorraine in nancy, france in 2013. In Los Angeles they performed it in 2011,... the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and the Barbican, in London. In 1925 the BBB aired an adaptation of the story, starring Hesketh Pelton as the “jack worthing.”... in 1936 the same version was broadcast in 1925... in nancy, France, the première was given. In 1925, the BBB aired an adaptation of the story starring Hesketh Pelton as the “jack worthing.” In 1936, the same version was broadcast in 1925. In nancy, France, the premiere was given. In Los Angeles they performed it in 2011,... the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Barbican Centre. In 1977, the radio 4 broadcast the four-act version of the story, starring fabia drake as Lady Bracknell, richard pasco as Jack Worthing, jeremy clyde as algy, maurice denham as canon chasuble, sylvia coleridge as Miss prism, barbara leigh as Miss Hunt, prunella scales as Cecily. In honour of the centenary of the first performance of the story, the radio 4 broadcast a new adaptation on 13 february 1995, directed by glyn dearman. It featured judi dench as Lady Worthing, michael hordern as lane, michael sheen as Jack Worthing, martin clunes as algernon moncrief, john moffatt as canon chasuble, miriam margolyes as Miss Pomera, Susanna bond as Gwendolen, and amanda root as Cecily... In 1925 the BBB aired an adaptation of the story, starring Hesketh Pelton as the “jack worthing”... In 1936, the same adaptation was broadcast in 1925... in nancy, France, the premiere was given. In Los Angeles, in 2011... Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Barbican Center. In January of the first performance of the story, the radio 4 broadcast a new adaptation, starring geraldine mcewan as jack worthing, julian wadham as jack worthing, geoffrey palmer as canon chasuble, celia imrie as jack prism, victoria hamilton as jack, and emma fielding as jack, with music by dominic muzhik. In the same year the BBB broadcast a performance, starring Hesketh Pelton as the jack worthing. In 1936 the same version was broadcast in 1925. In nancy, France, the premiere was given. In 1977 the radio 4 broadcasted the four-act version of the story, starring fabia drake as Lady Bracknell, richard pasco as Jack Worthing, jeremy clyde as algy, maurice denham as canon chasuble, sylvia coleridge as Miss prism, barbara leigh as Miss Hunt, prunella scales as Cecily. In 1925, the BBB made a performance of the story starring Hesketh Pelton as “the worthing”... In 1936, the same version was broadcast in 1925, in nancy, France, the premiere was given. In 1933, the same version was broadcast in 1925... in nancy, France, the premiere was given. In the year 1896, the BBB broadcast a new production of the story, starring Geraldine McDowan as Worthing, Judith Sheen as Worthing, Margaret Sheen as Jack Worthing, Maria Smerlen as Miss Pomera, Susanna bond as Gwendolen, and Amanda root as Cecily. In 1936, the same version was broadcast in 1925... in nancy, France, the premiere was given. In 1977, the radio 4 broadcasted the four-act version, starring fabia drake as Lady Bracknell, Judith Pasco as Worthing, Gregory Clyde as Carlo, Gregory Clyde as Canon Chasuble, Gregory Clyde as Bergeracle, Florence Smith as a Copernicus, Eugene van Dussel as a Coper, Anne Hawn as a Copernicus, with music by dominic muzhik. In the same year, in the same year, the BBB broadcast a performance by Hesketh Pelton as the “jack of all trades”. In 1935, the same performance was broadcast in 1925; in nancy, France, the premiere was given. The same year the BBB broadcast a performance by Hesketh Pelton as the “jack of all trades”. In 1964, the BBB transmitted it, at the time of the first performance of the play, by the company of ian carmichael, suzanah york, fenella fielding, pamela brown and irene handl. The same year, the BBB broadcast an adaptation of the story, starring Hesketh Pelton as the “jack of all trades”. In a new adaptation of the story, in the fourth week of February, the broadcaster broadcast a new version, starring geraldine mcewan as Lady Bracknell, richard pasco as Jack Worthing, Michael clyde In 1936, the same version was broadcast in 1925, in nancy, France. The premiere was given in 1936. In the same year, in the same year, the BBB broadcast an adaptation of the story, starring Hesketh Pelton as a jack-worthing... In 1936, the same version was broadcast in 1925, in nancy, France, the premiere was given. In 1925, the BBB broadcast an adaptation of the story, starring Hesketh Pelton as a jack-worthing... In 1925, the BBB broadcast a new adaptation, starring Geraldine McDowan as a jack-worthing, Judith Sheen as a jack-worthing, John McCoyle as a jack-worthing, John McMullany as a jack-worthing, Victoria hamilton as a jack-worthing, and amanda root as Cecily. In the same year, in the same year, the BBB broadcast a performance of the jack-worthing, starring Geraldine McDowan as a jack-worthing, Judith Sheen as a jack-worthing, Margaret Sheen as a jack-worthing, Maria Smerlen as a jack-worthing, Susanna bond as Gwendolen, and Amanda root as Cecily. In the same year, in the same year, the jack-worthing was acted out. In 1936, the same performance was broadcast in 1925. In nancy, France, the premiere was given. In 1977, the radio 4 broadcasted the four-act version of the story, fabia drake as lady Bracknell, julia drake as jack-worthing, jeremy clyde as algy, maurice denham as canon chasuble, sylvia coleridge as jack-worthing, barbara leigh as jack-worthing, prunella scales as Cecily. In the same year, in the same year, the BBB broadcast a performance of Hesketh Pelton as jack-worthing. In 1963, a new play was performed by the ensemble of ian carmichael, suzan The cast also includes roland culver (algy), jean cadell (miss prism), pamela brown (gwendolen), and celia johnson (cyrilly). Other versions include: a 1956 film of the theatre “The Masterworks” directed and narrated by margaret webster, starring Maurice evans, lucile watson, and mildred natwick; a 1989 movie from california’s musical theater, featuring dan o’ herlihy, jeanette nolan, les tremayne, and richard erdman; one by l. a. "It was in which the Algy was heard: Jean cadell (miss prism), pamela brown (gwendolen), and celia johnson (cyrilly). Other versions were: a 1956 film of the Masterworks, directed and narrated by margaret webster, starring Maurice evans, lucile watson, and Mildred natwick; a 1989 movie from california's musical theatre, with Dan o' herlihy, jeanette nolan, les tremayne, and richard erdman; one by l. a. sent> theatre works, published in 2009, starring Charles Busch, Patrick marsters, and andrea bowen...