 - "Loyd Mathews" - "Loyd william Mathews" (i.e., 7 march 1850 - 11 October 1901) was a british naval officer, politician and abolitionist. He joined the royal navy as a cadet, then he advanced to lieutenant. He was involved in the third Anglo-American war of 1873 - - and afterwards was stationed in east Africa for the suppression of slaves. “Loyd Mathews” (i.e., 27 March 1850 – 11 October 1901) was a british naval officer, politician, and abolitionist. He joined the navy as a cadet and later went to the rank of lieutenant. In 1877 he was appointed general in the army of Sultan Muhammad of Zazibar in order to make a new, European army; he would remain in the service of the government of zazibar for the rest of his life. He was stationed in the Third Anglo-American War of 1873 - and later he was stationed in the East African Military Region. Mathews retired from the navy in 1881 and was made brigadier general in zanzibar... In 1877 he was appointed general of the army of the Sultan Muhammad of Zazibar, in order to make a new, European army, and to remain in service for the rest of his life. He was a cadet in the navy, then was made lieutenant. Mathews retired from the navy in 1881 and was made brigadier general in zanzibar. Mathews was a abolitionist and was associated with the sultans who he worked with. He was stationed in the third Anglo-American war of 1873 - and then he was stationed in the eastern African military region. Mathews, in October 1891, was appointed the first minister of the zanzibar government - a position in which he was 'unremovable' by the sultan. In 1877 he was appointed general of the army of the Sultan Muhammad of Zazibar to build up a new European army. He remained in the service of the Sultan for the rest of his life. Mathews was a very big abolitionist and promoted the cause of abolition to the sultans he aided... In October 1891, Mathews was appointed first minister of the sultan's country, a position in which the Sultan regarded him as an irremovable one... His native land was the king’s national sea, the south was a watercourse, the savannah was a sea, the west was an ocean, the seas were the ocean and the sea were the oceans, and the water was the stream. I saw his savannah in the previous night; I saw him in the boarding school; then he went on to the second class. The third class was the British navy, the second class was the Southern African Army. He joined the royal navy as a cadet and then he moved to lieutenant. In 1877 he was appointed General of the British Army of the Sultan Muhammad of Zazaki, to build up a new European army, and to remain in the service for the rest of his life. Mathews and his troops also played a vital role in the end of the Anglo-American War of 1896, which had been begun out of a deliberate attempt to evade the requirement of an official from a foreign country to be vetted by a British General. He was stationed in the Third Anglo-American War of 1873 and afterwards in the Eastern African Military Region. Mathews was a great abolitionist and was affiliated with the sultans whom he worked with. He was appointed minister of the South African Union in 1877 and remained in the service of the Sultan for the rest of his life. In 1877 he was appointed general of the army of the Sultan of Zaman, to build up a new European army, and to remain in service for the rest of his life. In 1877 he was appointed general of the army of the Sultan of Zaman to build up a new European army, and he remained in the service for the rest of his life. Mathews and his troops also played a major role in the ending of the Anglo-American war of 1896, which was initiated in order to circumvent the requirement that new Sultans must be vetted by the british consul... “Loyd Mathews” (i.e., 7 March 1850 – 11 October 1901) was a british naval officer, politician and abolitionist. He was a cadet, and then a lieutenant, and in 1877 he was appointed general of the Sultan Muhammad of Zazaki’s army to build up a new European army, and he remained in the service for the rest of his life. Mathews, during the course of the last decade of his life, had been appointed first minister of the Sultan, who considered him ‘unmovable’. He was a great abolitionist, and he worked with the sultans whom he worked with. Mathews was a great abolitionist, and his services were a direct support of the sultans whom he aided. In 1877 he was appointed general of the Sultan’s army, in order to build up a new European army, and to serve in it for the rest of his life. He was a cadet in the navy, then he was made a lieutenant. In 1877 he was appointed general of the Sultan’s army to build up a new European army, and he remained in service all his life. In 1877 he was appointed general of the Sultan’s army, in order to build up a new European army and remain in service for the rest of his life. Mathews was a great abolitionist and allied with the Sultans he worked with. In 1877 he was appointed general of the Sultan’s army to build up a new European army and to remain in service all his life. In 1877 he was appointed general of the army of the Sultan of Zaman, in order to build up a new European army and to stay in service for the rest of his life. Mathews and his troops also played a crucial role in the ending of the Anglo-American war of 1896, which was initiated in order to circumvent the requirement that new Sultans be vetted by a British general. Mathews retired from the navy in 1881 and was made brigadier general in zanzibar... Mathews was Mathews, a petty, abolitionist, who was active in the affairs of the sultans he worked with, was appointed a general in the Imperial Military Council in 1877, and he served for the rest of his life. -,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, After his father, Captain Willie Matthews, he married marquis william matthews, and his mother, jane wallis penfold, was the daughter of william penfold and sarah gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a famous book about madeira's flora and fauna. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of william penfold and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee Penfold, was the author of a book on madeira's fauna and flora. Mathews joined the Royal Navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on 23 september 1866. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of william penfold and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira. Mathews joined the Royal Navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. Mathews was then seconded from the navy to Sultan Bargash of zanzibar to set up a european army to be used to strengthen zanzibar's control over the mainland. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on 23rd of September 1866. On the 27th of August 1875 Mathews was posted to HMS London, a depot ship and the headquarters of the royal navy for east Africa, to suppress the slave trade in the area. While on board he led his own troops, captured several slave boats, and was commended for his actions by the admiralty... Thereupon Mathews was sent from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar, where he set up a European army, whose sole aim was to strengthen zanzibar's dominion over the mainland. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of willie robley and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a book on Madeira. Besides, Mathews used some of the most unconventional recruiting methods, buying slaves from their masters, sending prisoners to the prison, and recruiting africans rescued from the slavers. Besides, Mathews employed some unorthodox recruiting methods, such as purchasing slaves from masters, buying convicts from prison, and rescuing the Africans brought from the slaves... Mathews joined the Navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. Mathews was then sent from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar to form a European army, with the sole purpose of strengthening the Island. Mathews joined the Navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Mathews married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a book on Madeira. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. Mathews introduced a new uniform for the troops, consisting of a red cap, a black jacket and white trousers, and dark blue frock coats and trousers with gold and silver lace, which were possibly based on the uniform of the emperor sax. Mathews then sent from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar to set up a European army, in order to strengthen zanibar's dominion over the mainland. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira. he married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Mathews subsequently joined the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar and, subsequently, set up a European army to strengthen zanibar's dominion over the mainland. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. Mathews married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Mathews married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Mathews was then sent from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar to form a European army, with the aim of strengthening zanibar's dominion over the mainland. Mathews was sent from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar to establish a European army to strengthen zanibar's dominion over the mainland. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on the 23rd of September 1866. He married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Mathews married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on September 23rd. Mathews was sent from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Zabar to create a European army, to strengthen zanibar's control over the mainland. Mathews joined the navy in 1863 and was appointed midshipman on September 23rd. Mathews married Lieutenant Willie Matthews, and his mother, Jane Wallis Penfold, was the daughter of Willie Matthews and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta robley nee penfold, was the author of Mathews retired from the royal navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar., and hindered trade... Mathews' expedition was to attempt to reach the village of Uyanyembe, but his men refused to travel inland, and when they were forced to do so they deserted terribly. Mathews retired from the Royal Navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier-general of zanzibar. But the expedition ended in Mamboya, where a 60-year-old garrison was established. This garrison had been reduced to only a handful of men by the mid-1880s, but the expedition showed that the Sultan was serious about controlling all his possessions. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier-general of zanzibar. Mathews’s expedition was to attempt to reach the village of Uyanyembe, but his men refused to go inland, and when forced to do so, they deserted terribly. Mathews’ men participated in several expeditions to thwart the land-based slave trade which had grown in the presence of the seas, which had become too heavily guarded by the authorities. Mathews’ men participated in several efforts to prevent the slave trade in the land, which had developed after the seas had been seized too heavily by the tradesmen... But the expedition ended at Mamboya, where a 60-year-old garrison was established, that garrison had reduced to only a handful of men by the mid-1880s, but the expedition showed that the Sultan was serious about controlling all his possessions. Mathews's expedition was to get to Uyanyembe, but his men did not go inland, and when they were forced to, they were very unruly. Mathews' men were involved in several attempts to suppress the slave trade on the land, which had grown in the presence of the seas, which had become too heavily guarded by the authorities. Mathews' men participated in several efforts to thwart the land-based slave trade, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with the goods, and did not take care of them. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier-general of zanzibar. But the expedition ended at Mamboya, where a 60-year-old garrison was established, which had been reduced to a handful of men by the mid-1880s, but the expedition proved that the Sultan had serious plans for the control of all his possessions. On December 3rd, 1881, they caught up with a ship that was under the control of the ship, which was carrying around 100 slaves on board, and that was destined to carry them between pemba and zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews returned to the mainland of Africa in 1884, when he landed with a force intending to establish more garrisons in zanzibar to prevent German territorial claims. Mathews's men participated in several attempts to stop the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities had been overloaded with goods and had not taken care of them. Mathews's men participated in several efforts to stop the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities had become too heavily guarded, and Mathews' men were engaged in several attempts to stop the slave trade in the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities had been overloaded with the goods and had not taken care of them. Mathews' expedition was to reach Uyanyembe, but his men refused to go inland, and when forced to do so, they were very unruly. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was made brigadier general of zanzibar. But the expedition ended in Mamboya, where a 60-year-old garrison was established, which had been reduced to a few men by the mid-1880s, but the expedition showed that the Sultan had serious plans for the control of all his possessions. Mathews went to the village of Uyanyembe, but his men did not go inland, and when they were forced to, they were very unruly. Mathews led his troops to wet the beach at Pemba, and after a short battle, took a mortally wounded bin hattem prisoner back to zanzibar. Mathews retreated from the royal navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews' men participated in several attempts to suppress the slave trade on the land, which had grown too heavily armed by the authorities. Mathews' men participated in several efforts to thwart the land-based slave trade which had grown into the sea And, for some reason, he found that in some cases there were eighty, a hundred men among the ranks of the local population. Mathews departed the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews went out of the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews’s men participated in several attempts to keep out the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews’s men participated in several efforts to stop the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews’s men participated in several efforts to keep out the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews’ men took part in several efforts to stop the land-based slave trade from growing into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. The men of Mathews' men were involved in several attempts to stop the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men were involved in several attempts to prevent the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men were involved in several attempts to prevent the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews departed the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews' men participated in several efforts to prevent the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the sea, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men participated in several efforts to prevent the land-based slave trade, which had grown into the sea, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men participated in several efforts to prevent the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the sea, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews left the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier general of zanzibar. Mathews' men participated in several attempts to prevent the slavery trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men participated in several attempts to prevent the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men participated in several attempts to prevent the slave trade on the land, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews' men participated in several attempts to prevent the land-based slave trade, which had grown into the seas, because the authorities were overloaded with goods and did not take care of them. Mathews went to the village of Uyany Despite some hostility from sultan ali bin, the position was so strong that one missionary from the island says that his powers defy ‘analysis’, and that mathews really was capable of saying ‘l’ etat est moi’ (i am the State).... ” In this capacity, he was ‘absolutely irremovable by the Sultan’ and therefore answerable only to the Sultan and to the british consul. The position was so important that one missionary from the island says that the powers of mathews are “under study” and that the actual words of the Prince of ola are “l’etat est moi” (i am the State). Mathews was rewarded by the zanzibar government for his office by his commission as a first-class member of the Order of the Stars of Zaire, which he was granted the royal consent to take and wear on the 19th of May 1886. Mathews was also called the “force of zanzibar”... Despite a little hostility from the Sultan of olai, the position was so strong that one of the missionaries from the island said that his powers could not be determined, and that he really could say l’etat est moi (I am the State) “ ”... “” As a result, he was ‘absolutely irremovable by the Sultan’ and therefore answerable to the Sultan and the british consul.’ The position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that mathews’s powers cannot be “researched” and that he really could say ‘etat est moi’ (i am the State). Despite some hostility from the Sultan of Ola, Mathews’s power was so great that one missionary from the island says that his powers are “under investigation”, and that mathews really was capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (I am the State). Mathews was rewarded by the government for his service by his commission as a member of the Order of Stars of Zaire, which he was granted royal consent to take and wear on the 19th of May 1886. He never took up the post and instead remained in zanzibar. Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews’ powers are under “examination” and that he really can say l’etat est moi (I am the State). Despite a little displeasure from the Sultan of Ola, Mathews's power was so great that one of the missionaries on the island said that his powers were "incurable", and that Mathews was really able to say "etat est moi" (I am the State). Mathews was rewarded by the government for his service by the commission of the Stars of Zaire, which he was granted royal consent to wear and take on the 19th of May 1886. Mathews was rewarded for his service by the british government, who appointed him a companion of the order of Saint-Madamel and St. George, and on the 24th of May 1889, a companion of the Order of the Bath, and in 1893 Mathews purchased the island of changuu for the government. In this capacity he was “absolutely irremovable by the Sultan” and therefore liable only to the Sultan and the british government. Mathews' position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews' powers are “under investigation” and that he really can say “etat est moi” (I am the state). The position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews' powers are “under investigation” and that Mathews really can say “etat est moi” (I am the state). Mathews was also called the force of zanzibar... Mathews' job was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews' powers cannot be “studied” and that he really can say “etat est moi” (I am the state). Despite some strong criticism of the Sultan of Ola, Mathews' power was so strong that one of the missionaries from the island said that his powers could not be “analyzed,” and that Mathews really could say “etat est moi” (I am the state). It was to this end that he was "absolutely irremovable by the Sultan," and therefore only to the Sultan and the british government. Mathews was rewarded by the government for his service by the commission of the Stars of Zaire, which he was granted royal consent to wear and wear on the 19th of May 1886. Mathews's position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island said that Mathews's powers were under investigation and that Mathews was really capable of saying "etat est moi" (i am the state). Despite some displeasure from the Sultan of Ola, Mathews's position was so great that one of the missionaries from the island said that his powers were "under investigation", and that Mathews really was capable of saying "etat est moi" (i am the state). Mathews' position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews' powers are "under investigation", and that Mathews really is capable of saying "etat est moi" (I am the state). In this capacity he was "absolutely irremovable" by the Sultan and therefore liable to the Sultan and the british government. Despite a little displeasure from the Sultan, Mathews' power was so great that one of the missionaries on the island said that his powers were "undecided", and that Mathews really could say "etat est moi" (I am the state). Mathews' position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews' powers are "under investigation", and that he really can say "etat est moi". Despite some savage criticism of the Sultan, Mathews' power was so great that one of the missionaries from the island said that his powers could not be "analyzed", and that Mathews really could say "etat est moi". In this capacity, he was ‘absolutely irremovable by the Sultan’, and therefore liable to the Sultan and the british government. Mathews was rewarded by the government for his service by a commission as a member of the Order of the Stars of Zaire, which he was granted royal consent to wear and wear on the 19th of May 1886. Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island said that Mathews’ powers were ‘under investigation’ and that Mathews was really capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (i am the state). Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews’ powers are ‘under investigation’ and that Mathews is really capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (i am the state). Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews’ powers are ‘under investigation’ and that Mathews really is capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (i am the state). Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island says that Mathews’ powers are ‘under investigation’ and that Mathews is really capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (i am the state). Despite some savage criticism of the Sultan, Mathews’ power was so great that one of the missionaries from the island said that his powers could not be ‘sequenced’ and that Mathews was really capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (i am the state). Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island said that Mathews’ powers were ‘under investigation’ and that Mathews really was capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (I am the state). Mathews’ position was so important that one of the missionaries from the island said that Mathews’ powers were ‘under investigation’ and that Mathews really was capable of saying ‘etat est moi’ (I am the state). Despite some strong criticism of the Sultan, Mathews’ power was so great that one of the missionaries from the island , Mathews' work led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of admiral harry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's government... But Mathews’s action led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. Besides these smaller, about 20-40km, military expeditions, Mathews made two much larger expeditions during his reign, one of which took place at mwele. But Mathews’s activity led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. Mathews’s deeds led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. Besides these smaller, about ten nautical campaigns, Mathews also made two great military operations during his reign, one of which took place at Mwele. But in 1895 Mbaruk’s nephew, M. bin rashid, refused to grant him a new leadership. He fought a major rebellion at Konjoro in the month of that year, when M. Baruk’s younger brother, m. Baruk, took up the attack against the zanzibari forces under arthur raikes, one of Mathews’ officers. But Mathews’s activity led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. Mathews’s pranks led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. But Mathews’s action led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. Mathews’ actions led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. Mathews’s activities led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid’s reign. However, in 1895 Mbaruk’s nephew, M. binrashid, refused to grant him a new prefecture. In the month of that year he fought a major rebellion at Konjoro in the month of that year, when the younger brother of Mathews, M. Baruk, was attacking the zanzibari army under arthur raikes, one of Mathews’ officers. In the month of that year he fought a major revolt at Konjoro in the month of that year, when the younger brother of Mathews, Mr. Baruk, was attacked by the zanzibari army under the arthur raikes, one of Mathews' officers. Mathews's work led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's reign. But Mathews's activity led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's reign. Mathews's deeds led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's reign. Mathews's pranks led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's reign. However, in 1895 M. Binrashid's nephew, M. Binrashid, refused to grant him a new prefecture. But Mathews' pranks led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's reign. Mathews' pranks led to the Anglo-Zarab war, and Mathews, with the help of Admiral Henry Rawson and five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid's reign. .. the ibea was given over to the governor and built a force of 250 Indian police to protect the region. In july 1893, the ibea was withdrawn by threats of violence from the new sultan of witu, oman, and another expedition was sent to the region. Then the governor took the ibea over to the governor and had the townguard build up a force of 250 Indian soldiers to guard the country. In July 1893 the ibea was withdrawn by threats of violence from the new sultan of witu, oman, and another expedition was sent. Mathews and an escort of 500 soldiers went to witu where, on 31 July, they took down the ibea flag and replaced it with the red flag of zanzibar, to which several villages were destroyed and oman abandoned in the forest. Mathews and an escort of 500 soldiers were sent to witu, where they reverted to the flag of the ibea company and changed it to the red flag of zanzibar, before destroying several villages and allowing oman to retreat into the forests. In July 1893 the ibea was withdrawn by threats of violence from the new sultan of witu, oman, and a new expedition was sent. Mathews and an escort of 500 soldiers went to witu, where on the 31st of July they dismantled the ibea flag and replaced it with the red flag of zanzibar, destroying many villages and allowing oman to retreat into the forests. Then the governor handed over the ibea to the governor and had the police built up with a force of 250 Indian soldiers. Then the governor gave the ibea to the governor and sent a force of 250 Indian soldiers to guard the region. Mathews and an escort of 500 soldiers went to witu, where they returned to the flag of the ibea company and switched it to the red flag of zanzibar, destroying several villages and allowing the oman to retreat into the forests. Mathews was then awarded the british east and west Africa campaign medal... Then the governor gave the ibea to the governor, and the police was given to 250 Indian soldiers. In July 1893 the ibea was taken by threats from the new sultan of witu, and a new expedition was sent. Mathews and an escort of 500 soldiers went to witu, and on July 31, they took down the ibea flag and replaced it with the red flag of zanzibar, and destroyed several villages and oman abandoned in the woods. Then the governor gave the ibea to the governor and sent a force of 250 Indian soldiers to guard the territory. Mathews was then awarded the british campaign medal. Mathews died of malaria in zanzibar on the 11th of November, and buried with full military honours in the british cemetery in the sylvania town. Mathews and a escort of 500 soldiers went to witu, where on the 31st of July they demolished the ibea flag and replaced it with the red flag of zanzibar, destroying many villages and letting oman retreat into the forest. Then the governor handed the ibea over to the governor, and ordered a police force of 250 Indian soldiers to guard the area. On July 11th the ibea was overthrown by threats of violence from the new sultan of witu, and a new expedition was sent. Mathews and a escort of 500 soldiers went to witu, and on July 31, they demolished the ibea flag and turned it into the red flag of zanzibar, destroying many villages and letting oman get away into the woods. Then the ibea was turned over to the governor and a force of 250 Indian soldiers guarded the province. Then the gist of the ibea was handed over to the governor and the government police was given 250 Indian soldiers. Mathews died of malaria in zanzibar on November 11, buried with full military honours in the country's native cemetery in the city of Sylvania. Mathews was then awarded the british campaign medal. Mathews and an escort of 500 soldiers went to witu, where they demolished the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist, destroying several villages and letting the gist of the forest go out of their way. Mathews's house, which he took to the west of the town, is also named for him. Then the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist, is also named for him. The gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of the gist of