 The ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy in 1930. Initially attached to the mediterranean fleet, it was transferred to the home fleet in 1936... hms boreas... ” This ship was built by the Royal Navy in 1930. It was first used by the Mediterranean fleet, and was transferred to the mediterranean fleet in 1936... hms boreas... hms boreas... she spent most of World War I in convoy escorts, on the english channel and the North Atlantic, based at dover, gibraltar, and freetown, sierra leone. In 1930, the royal navy launched a B-class destroyer, originally formed by the Mediterranean fleet, and later transferred to the home fleet in 1936. Hms. boreas.... she served in the Aegean for most of World War I. She was stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and in Freetown, Sierra Leone. This ship was a HMSU1-class destroyer built by the royal navy. She was used in the Mediterranean fleet and then transferred to the HMSU1 in 1936... hms. boreas.... At full load, she displaced 1 mt., 390 mt. ( 1 mt., 390 mt.) The ship was a B-class destroyer built by the Royal Navy in 1930. It was originally built by the Mediterranean fleet and then transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936. She served in the Aegean during World War I. She was stationed in Dover, Gibraltar, and in Freetown, Sierra Leone. This ship was a HMSU1 destroyer built by the Royal Navy. It was initially used by the Mediterranean fleet, but later transferred to the HMSU1 in 1936... hms. boreas. hms. boreas.... she spent the first part of World War I in convoys on the English Channel and the North Atlantic, based in Dover, Gibraltar, and Freetown, Sierra Leone.... she carried 1mt., 390 mt. In 1930, the royal navy launched a B-class destroyer, originally formed by the Mediterranean fleet, and later transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936. Hms. boreas. hms. boreas. she served in the Aegean during World War I. She was stationed in Dover, Gibraltar, and in Freetown, Sierra Leone. This ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy, it was originally built by the Mediterranean fleet, but was transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936... hms. boreas. She was the first half of World War I in convoys on the English Channel and the North Atlantic, based at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, Sierra Leone. She carried 1 mt, 390 mt. ( 1 mt., 390 mt.).. she was powered by two rocket engines of geared steam, both of which produced a total of 34 @, @ 000 hp, a maximum of 35 knots (60 km/h; 40 mph)... steam was provided by three Admiralty 3 –, ... She served in the Aegean during World War I. She was stationed at Dover, Gibraltar, and Freetown, Sierra Leone. This ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy. It was built in the Mediterranean and then transferred to the Mediterranean in 1936... hms. boreas. hms. boreas. She was the first half of World War I in convoys on the English Channel and on the North Atlantic, based at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, Sierra Leone. She was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy, it was originally built by the Mediterranean and later transferred to the Mediterranean in 1936... hms. boreas. She was the first half of World War I in convoys on the English Channel and on the North Atlantic, based at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, Sierra Leone. She carried 1mt, 390 mt. ( 1mt, 390 mt.) She was equipped with two rocket engines of geared steam, which made a total of 34, 000 hp, a maximum of 35 knots (60 km/h, 40 mph).... In 1930 the royal navy launched a B-class destroyer, originally built by the Mediterranean fleet, and later transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936. This ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy, originally built by the Mediterranean fleet, but later transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936... hms. boreas. This ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy, originally built by the Mediterranean fleet, but later transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936... hms. boreas... hms. boreas... hms. boreas... hms. boreas... she served in the Aegean during World War I. She was stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, Sierra Leone. She carried 1 million, 390 mts. (1,000 mts.), with two rocket engines, each with 34, 000 hp, and a maximum of 35 knots (60 kph, 40 mph)... she was mounted on two rocket engines of geared steam, both of which produced 34, 000 hp, and a maximum of 35 knots (60 kph, 40 mph)... She served in the Aegean during World War I. She was stationed in Dover, Gibraltar, and Freetown, Sierra Leone. This ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy, it was originally built by the Mediterranean fleet, and later transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936.. hms. boreas. hms. boreas. This ship was a B-class destroyer built by the royal navy, it was originally built by the Mediterranean fleet, but later transferred to the Mediterranean fleet in 1936... , the barrels of a 250-ton pounder Mk ii aa was mounted on a platform between the funnels. The ship was equipped with two 60-ton torpedo tubes in the water for 21" of the water (1,200 mm) torpedoes, a bow bar and two thrusters were fitted; a depth charge board and two reloading parleys were fitted to twenty-five-ton torpedoes, which were originally carried; but they were raised to 35 the war began. The ship had two 60-ton torpedo tubes in the water, for 21" of water (1,200 mm) torpedoes, a bow bar and two thrusters; a depth-charge board and two parleys were fitted to twenty-five torpedoes, which were then carried, but were increased when the war began.... the barrels of a 250-ton pounder mk ii aa were placed on a platform between the funnels..... by October 1940, the depth-charged armament of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedo tubes with a 3 inch (76... 2 mm) – (11.. ) ( 12.. ) gun, to compensate for the additional depth charges. - A ; there were two 60-ton torpedo tubes in the water for 21 inches of water (1,000 meters), a bow-bar and two thrusters; a depth-charge board and two firing-holes were fitted to twenty-five-ton torpedoes which were then carried, but increased after the war. The ships had two 60-ton torpedo tubes in the water, for 21 inches of water (1,000 meters), a bow-bar and two thrusters, a depth-charge board and two firing-holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes, which were then carried, but were increased when the war began... By October 1940 the depth-charged armament was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3 inch (76. 2 mm)—“10”—“10” gun, to compensate for the increased depth. ‘A, there were two 60-ton torpedo tubes in the water for 21 inches of water (1,200 mm) torpedoes, a bow bar and two thrusters; a depth charge board and two firing holes were fitted to twenty-five torpedoes which were carried then but increased in size after the war. The barrels of a 250-ton torpedoes was placed on a platform between the funnels. The ship was ordered on 22 march 1929 by palmer’s at jarrow, under the 1928 naval programme. The ship was ordered on 22 march 1929 from palmer’s at jarrow under the 1928 naval programme. The ship was laid down on 22 march 1929 and launched on 11 june 1930 as the fourth ship to bear the name of ‘A’. Two 60-ton torpedo tubes were in the water, for 21 inches of water, 1,200 meters; a bow-bar and two thrusters were installed; a depth-charging board and two firing-holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes which were carried then, but increased when the war began. In October 1940 the depth-charging capacity of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3 inch (76  2  10) gun—“1010”—“10”—“10”—“10”—”—“10”—” to compensate for the increased depth. The vessels were equipped with two 60-ton torpedoes in the water, for a depth of 1,200 meters, a bow bar and two thrusters; a depth-charging board and two reloading parleys were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes which were carried then, but increased after the war... " The barrels of a 250-ton pounder were mounted on a platform between the funnels. The ship was laid on the 22nd of march 1929 and a charter was issued to the ship's wife on the 22nd of march, under the auspices of 1928. Two 60-ton torpedoes were in the water, for 21 inches of water, 1,000 meters; a bow bar and two thrusters; a sledge and two reloading beams were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes, which were then carried, but increased when war began., the barrels of a 250-ton pounder Mk. II. was positioned on a platform between the funnels. During the course of the war, the ship was ordered on the 4th destroyer flotilla, which was borne by the mediterranean navy, until the end of the year 1936, when it was transferred to the fleet of the home state. At the end of October 1940, the depth of the armament was increased by replacing the rear trp-robbing tubes with a 3"... 2"... "10"... "10"... "10"... "10"... "10", "10"... "10"... "10"... "10"... "" (In short, a tanker loaded with two 60-ton torpedoes in the water, for 21 inches of water, 1,000 meters; a bow-bar and two thrusters; a charge-board and two firing holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes that were then carried, but increased after the war........ , there were two 60-ton torpedoes in the water, for a depth of 21 m, 1,200 m, a bowbar and two thrusters; a depth-charging board and two firing holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes that were then carried but increased in size after the war. The ships were equipped with two 60-ton torpedoes in the water for a depth of 21 m, a bow bar and two thrusters; a depth-charging board and two firing holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes that were carried then, but increased after the war. In October 1940 the depth-charging capacity of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3” ”76” (11. “12”” ”12” (12. “Cady” was a ship delivered on the 22nd of March and sailed on the 22nd of March, in the name of the four destroyers which were taken by the Mediterranean Navy until the end of the year 1936, when they were transferred to the fleet of the land of the utmost. Then, in October 1940, the level of the armament of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3” ” ” ” “10” ” “10” ” ”” (everything else), but the armament of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3” ” ”10” ” ””—“10” ”—“10” (i.e. “10”; “10” was the first word. “On the 22nd of march 1929, the ship was laid, and on the 22nd of march, the bride was ordered by palmer to take the captain’s name, “A”; and, on the 22nd of march, the ship was commanded by a certain Palmer, under the 18th of the tenth of the tenth month of that year, she sent for a sleeve at spain, whose arms were at times lowered by the war, but thereby increased by the war. Two 60-ton torpedo ... On March 22, 1929, the ship was laid and commissioned, on the 22nd of March, and the 22nd of March, it was launched as the fourth ship in the series of four destroyers, which were launched by the Mediterranean navy from the end of the year 1936, and the ship was transferred to the fleet of the utmost. The ship was laid on the 22nd of March and commissioned on the 22nd of March, as the fourth ship in the series of four destroyers, and it was laid on the 22nd of March in the name of the four destroyers of the Mediterranean navy, which were borne by the Mediterranean Navy till the end of the year 1936, when they were transferred to the fleet of the farthest state. The ship had two 60ton torpedoes in the water, for a depth of 1,200 metres, a bow-bar and two thrusters; a depth-charging board and two firing-holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes, which were then carried, but increased after the war. Two 60ton torpedoes in the water for a depth of 1,200 metres, a bow-bar and two thrusters; a depth-charging board and two firing-holes were fitted to twenty-five tons of torpedoes which were carried at the time but increased after the war. In October 1940 the depth-charging capacity of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3” ”10””” ”10”” ”10””—“10”—“10” (that is, the “score”), but the depth-charging capacity of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3” ”10” “10”” — “10”—“10”—“10” (which is, “10”—“10,” “10,” “10”—“10.” In October 1940, the capacity of the ship was increased by replacing the rear torpedoes with a 3” ”10” ””—“10”—“10” ”—“10”—“10” —” “10”—“10”—“10” (which is to say For revenge, and for the ocean liner aquitania in september during the franc crisis.... boreas sat briefly as a plane guard for the aircraft carriers of the homeland.... “Again, as a plane guard for the aircraft carriers of the homeland... boreas was assigned to the 19th destroyer ship at the start of the war and spent the first six months in commanding and patrolling in the English channel and the North Sea... the ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer ship at the start of the war and spent the first six months on escort and patrol duties in the English Channel and North Sea. She was attached to the 12th destroyer ship on the 29th of march, when she was damaged by collision with her sister ship brilliant on the 15th of May. “To-day, again as a plane-keeper of aircraft-folk in the homeland... Boris sat briefly as a plane-folk on the aircraft-folk of the homeland... She was attached to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war and spent the first six months on command and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. Then, at the start of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer and served for six months on escort and patrol duties in the English Channel and North Sea. In the month of June, the ship engaged the German e-Boats and ordered them to withdraw, the vessel attacked twice with bombs, killed one officer and twenty crewmen. On the 26th of July, the ship engaged the German ship Qui-Ling and the vessel was badly damaged by tiger-shaped mines july... with a series of German super-bombers, the ship had to be attacked twice by bombs, which killed one officer and twenty crewmen. - To revenge, and for the epicadella in september during the franc crisis... - Boris sat as a plane guard in the aircraft carriers of the homeland. - Boris was assigned to the 19th destroyer ship at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on command and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on command and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. At the beginning of June, the ship was engaged by the German e-boats and ordered to withdraw, it attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. In the month of June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered them to withdraw, and the ship was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crewmen. On the 26th of July, the ship engaged the German ship Qui-Ling, and the ship was badly damaged by tiger-shaped mines in July...... a series of German super-bombers were launched, and the ship had to be attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crewmen. She was attached to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and served for six months on escort and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. At first, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer, and served for six months on patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. In the month of June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered to leave; the ship was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. She was attached to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. In June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered them to abandon, and in July, with a series of German superbombers, the ship was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. At the beginning of June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered to leave, and the ship was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. Boris sat briefly on the aircraft carriers of the country... to revenge, and for the epicadella in september, during the franc crisis... To revenge, and for the epicadella in september during the franc crisis... Boris sat as a plane guard in the airships of the country... At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer, and spent the first six months patrolling and patrolling in the English Channel and North Sea... The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months patrolling and patrolling in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months patrolling and patrolling in the English Channel and North Sea. In the month of June the ship attacked the German e-boats and ordered them to withdraw; it attacked twice with bombs, killed one officer and twenty crewmen. On the 26th of July the ship attacked the German ship Qui-Ling, and the ship was badly damaged by tiger-shaped mines; the ship was attacked by German e-boats, with a series of German bombers, the ship was attacked twice with - Today, once again, as a plane man on aircraft ships of the country... Boris sat as a plane man on aircraft ships of the country... At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. She was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and the North Sea. In the month of June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered them to leave, and the ship was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. The 26th of July the ship attacked the German ship Qui-Ling, and the ship was badly damaged by tiger-shaped mines; the ship was attacked by German e-boats and ordered to abandon; in July, a series of German bombers were launched, and the ship was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. In the beginning of June, the ship attacked the German e-boats and ordered to leave; it attacked the ship twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. At the beginning of June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered to leave; it attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. In the beginning of June, the ship attacked the German e-boats and ordered to leave; it attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. Boris was At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer, and spent the first six months on patrol and patrol in the English Channel and North Sea. The first months of June, the ship engaged the German e-boats and ordered them to leave, and two times with bombs killed one officer and twenty crew. On the 26th of July, the ship was badly damaged by tiger-shaped mines; the ship was attacked by German e-boats, and they attacked it twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. At the beginning of June, the ship attacked the German e-boats and ordered to leave; it attacked it twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. Boris sat in the aircraft carrier of the country... At the beginning of the war, Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer, and spent the first six months patrolling and patrolling in the English Channel and North Sea. Boris was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months patrolling and patrolling in the English Channel and North Sea. The ship was assigned to the 12th destroyer at the beginning of the war and spent the first six months patrolling and patrolling in the English Channel and North Sea. At the beginning of June, the ship attacked the German e-boats and ordered to leave, and he was attacked twice with bombs, killing one officer and twenty crew. On the 26th of July, the ship attacked the German e-boats and ordered to “For the Royal Hellenic Navy, the ship was surrendered to the royal hellenic navy on February 10, and recommissioned on March 25, as salamis. A type 286 radar was replaced by a type 290. She was damaged when she was working under the scapa flow and was repaired at the hull from 28 april to 13 june. Said Salamis to be surrendered to the royal hellenic navy on February 10, and recommissioned on March 25, as Salamis. She was damaged when she was working under the scapa flow, and was repaired at the hull from 28 april to 13 june. The ship was used as a training ship after the war, and was returned to the royal navy in malta on 9 october 1951. ’s salamis came to rosyth under tow on 15 april 1952, when she was split up by smithy industries, limited to a thousand. ’s salamis was assigned to guard the gibraltar until the end of November, when she was transferred to the aegean, where she served with the 12th (Greek) destroyer flotilla for the rest of the war.