Arsenal is the paid of Record Fee.
Arsenal signs Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Arsenal completes Wednesday.
Arsenal causes Alexis Sanchez.
Alexis Sanchez moves Manchester United.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang signs Borussia Dortmund.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the result in leaving of Olivier Giroud.
Olivier Giroud is the reportedly to of Chelsea.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the compete with of Alexandre Lacazette.
Arsenal signs Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan is the swap deal with of Manchester United.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan teams Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan plays Dortmund.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan plays 2015-16 Season.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan scores 62 Goals.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan scores All Competitions.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scores 98 Goals.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the played of 126 Games.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang plays Champions League.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang bes Top Scorer.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the top scorer of Last Season.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the top scorer of Dortmund.
Leroy Sane scores Germany'S Top Five Leagues.
Leroy Sane scores Start Of 2014-15 Season.
Arsenal posts Video.
Arsenal posts Website.
Arsenal posts Wednesday.
Arsenal announces Arsene Wenger.
Arsene Wenger announces Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Arsenal announces In-House Interview.
Premier League is the match against of Liverpool.
Arsenal loses Swansea.
Swansea loses 2-1.
Arsenal shows Weakness Up Front.
Weakness Up Front is the without of Experienced Striker.
Arsenal is the in of Last Place.
Arsenal is the with of 13 Matches Remaining.
Record Fee bes Identical.
Manchester City pays Aymeric Laporte.
Manchester City pays Wednesday.
Club is the also of Club Record.
Club Record is the if of Could Be Broken.
Arsenal is the bring to of Leicester.
Leicester is the bring to of Riyad Mahrez.
Arsenal is the bring to of Etihad Stadium.
Arsenal is the reportedly of Delayed Nomination.
Arsenal is the nomination for of English Club'S Player Of The Year.
English Club'S Player Of The Year is the for of 2015-16 Season.
Leroy Sane is the after of Injury.
Leroy Sane rules Up To Two Weeks.
Tottenham is the signing of of Lucas Moura.
Lucas Moura is the from of Paris Saint-Germain.