Gaviglio is the teammate of Nunez.
Gaviglio is the teammate of Tepera.
Gaviglio is the teammate of Maile.
Rodriguez is the teammate of Barnes.
Rodriguez is the teammate of Ramirez.
Rodriguez is the teammate of Kimbrel.
Rodriguez is the teammate of Vazquez.
Hernandez is the teammate of Nunez.
Hernandez is the teammate of Martinez.
Lopez is the teammate of Volstad.
Lopez is the teammate of Avilan.
Lopez is the teammate of Rondon.
Lopez is the teammate of B.Rodriguez.
Lopez is the teammate of Soria.
Lopez is the teammate of Narvaez.
Kluber is the teammate of Beliveau.
Kluber is the teammate of Rodriguez.
Kluber is the teammate of B.Rodriguez.
Kluber is the teammate of Gomes.
Keuchel is the teammate of Mchugh.
Keuchel is the teammate of Stassi.
P.Severino is the teammate of Castro.
P.Severino is the teammate of Chapman.
P.Severino is the teammate of Romine.
Washington is the teammate of Scherzer.
Washington is the teammate of Hart.
Gant is the teammate of Tuivailala.
Gant is the teammate of Guerra.
Jeffress is the teammate of Gant.
Jeffress is the teammate of Tuivailala.
Jeffress is the teammate of Kratz.
Jeffress is the teammate of Pina.
Jeffress is the teammate of Johnson.
Jeffress is the teammate of Yelich.
Iglesias is the teammate of Salas.
Iglesias is the teammate of Chafin.
Iglesias is the teammate of Mcfarland.
Iglesias is the teammate of Murphy.
Iglesias is the teammate of Corbin.
Iglesias is the teammate of Hendricks.
Iglesias is the teammate of Schebler.
Iglesias is the teammate of Duvall.
Iglesias is the teammate of Goldschmidt.
Iglesias is the teammate of F.Rodriguez.
Iglesias is the teammate of Mazzoni.
Iglesias is the teammate of Contreras.
Iglesias is the teammate of Musgrove.
Iglesias is the teammate of Cervelli.
Iglesias is the teammate of M.Peterson.
Iglesias is the teammate of Familia.
Iglesias is the teammate of Gsellman.
Iglesias is the teammate of Plawecki.
Iglesias is the teammate of Carle.
Iglesias is the teammate of M.Freeman.
Iglesias is the teammate of Socolovich.
Iglesias is the teammate of Suzuki.
Iglesias is the teammate of Camargo.