" You know, from all this list, that for amazon the order of packages to be delivered to your home, the amazon key is a free service that can send parcels to your house without charge, saving you time and money. It's free to members of amazon's service to order packages directly to their car through the key," the company announced in a Tuesday press release. "To get started, you download the key and then connect your amazon account with your connected car service account," the company said in a press release. " The first thing that has been said about the amazon key is that it sends packages directly to a person who has a public address like a work address, or at home," the release said. ' A message is mailed to the person who has the letter in the mail and is open, so that the runner will immediately be able to unlock the trunk and unlock the car. Once the courier has confirmed the delivery is done, he will unlock the car and unlock it. The following day the courier will confirm the destination of the car and unlock it. When the delivery is over, the courier will open the trunk and unlock it. "The courier will make sure the car is inside, he will make sure the car is in good condition, and he will open the door. The key in car now can be found in 37 cities, and it will be available in any year, anywhere in the world, it will be at an accessible location, the release said. The release said that if you purchase an amazon key, you will automatically enter the car in a certain city, the address of which is publicly accessible, for example, where the office or your home is, and you will be given a key. It’s more professional than getting a personal package delivered to the office at the end of the day. a key and key in the car. Amazon is transforming the digital transformation of e-commerce into the physical world. It’s a small snapshot of the future of the connected world, and why it’s why larry dignan, of our sister site zdnet, called it one of the most innovative companies of today.