Bp Exploration Alaska causes Gas Leak.
Bp Exploration Alaska discovers Oil Well.
Bp Exploration Alaska locates Alaska'S Compass North Slope.
Oil Well locates Deadhorse.
Oil Well sprays Raw Oil.
Bp Exploration Alaska reports Unified Command.
Unified Command includes Alaska'S Department Of Environmental Conservation.
Unified Command includes U.S.A. Environmental Protective Cover Agency.
Unified Command includes Northerly Slope Borough.
Unified Command ongoings Sunday.
Oil Well activates Refuge Valve.
Sunday stops Crude.
Adec announces Unified Command.
Adec manages Well.
Adec ends Blow Leak.
Adec is the spokesperson of Candice Bressler.
Adec is the not impacted of Wildlife.
Oil Droplets finds Well.
Oil Droplets finds Practice Pad.
Nuiqsut locates Nuiqsut Community.
Nuiqsut is the aware of of Incident.
Responders is the described of Well.
Well reduces Pressure.
Adec announces Monday.
Adec kills Well.
Adec ends Blow Leak.
Adec quotes Candice Bressler.
Candice Bressler quotes Adec.
Candice Bressler mentions Wildlife.
Oil Droplets finds Practice Pad.
Nuiqsut Community is the aware of of Incident.
Responders is the described of Well.
Well causes Vertical Bm.
Vertical Bm breaks Pressure Judge.
Pressure Judge prevents Operations.
Operations pumps Well.
Bp Exploration Alaska starts Prudhoe Bay Oil Field.
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field starts 1968.
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field generates Xii Billion Barrels Of Oil.
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field locates North America.
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field is the amid of Senescence Wells.
Bloomberg reports North Slope Production.
North Slope Production rises 565,000 Barrels A Day.
North Slope Production is the highest level since of March.
North Slope Production is the down by of December 2013.
North Slope Production peaks Ii Million Barrels.
2011 Settlement involves Section Of Justice.
2011 Settlement agrees $25 Million Civic Penalization.
2011 Settlement implements System-Wide Integrity Direction Program.
2011 Settlement occurs 2006.
2011 Settlement involves Bp.
Bp spills 5,000 Drum Of Crude Oil.
Bp is the from of Alaska'S North Slope.
Bp spills 2006.
Bp haves 2010 Deepwater Apparent Horizon Accident.
Bp spills Gulf Of Mexico.
Bp is the paid of $20 Billion Penalties.