Sandwich Day is the part of of 30 Rock.
Sandwich Day is the writer of David Carlock.
Sandwich Day is the writer of David Burditt.
Sandwich Day is the director of Don Scardino.
Sandwich Day is the air date of May 1, 2008.
Sandwich Day is the air network of Nbc.
Sandwich Day is the air country of United States.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Bill Cwikowski.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Brian Dennehy.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Marceline Hugot.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Johnnie May.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Jason Sudeikis.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Miriam Tolan.
Sandwich Day is the guest star of Rip Torn.
Sandwich Day is the actor of Tina Fey.
Sandwich Day is the actor of Tracy Morgan.
Sandwich Day is the actor of Jane Krakowski.
Sandwich Day is the actor of Alec Baldwin.
Sandwich Day is the leader of Michael J..
Sandwich Day is the leader of Brian Dennehy.
Sandwich Day is the character of Floyd.
Sandwich Day is the character of Liz Lemon.
Sandwich Day is the character of Jack Donaghy.
Sandwich Day is the character of Stan Williams.
Sandwich Day is the actor of Will Arnett.
Sandwich Day is the location of Washington, D.C..
Sandwich Day is the position of National Security Advisor For Weather And Weather Management.
Sandwich Day relates Saturday Night Live.
Saturday Night Live is the writer of Tina Fey.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Jason Sudeikis.
Saturday Night Live is the host of Alec Baldwin.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Rachel Dratch.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Fred Armisen.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Kristen Wiig.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Will Forte.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Jimmy Fallon.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Amy Poehler.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Will Ferrell.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Julia Roberts.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Bill Hader.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Tim Curry.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Andy Samberg.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Chris Rock.
Saturday Night Live is the actor of Molly Shannon.
Robert Canning is the reviewer of Sandwich Day.
Cindy White is the reviewer of Sandwich Day.
Jeff Labrecque is the reviewer of Sandwich Day.