Leslie William Andrew is the recipient of Victoria Cross.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of New Zealand Military Forces.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of British Commonwealth.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Passchendaele.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Territorial Force.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Western Front.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of England.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Officer Cadet Program.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Second World War.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of 2Nd Battalion.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Greece.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Crete.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of North African Campaign.
Leslie William Andrew is the rank of Brigadier.
Leslie William Andrew is the birthplace of Ashhurst.
Leslie William Andrew is the birthplace of Manawatu Region.
Leslie William Andrew is the residence of Wanganui.
Leslie William Andrew is the education of Wanganui Collegiate School.
Leslie William Andrew is the employment of New Zealand Education Department.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of France.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of C Company.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Flers-Courcelette.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Messines.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of La Basseville.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Somme Offensive.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Machine Gun Post.
Leslie William Andrew is the promotion of Second Lieutenant.
Leslie William Andrew is the spouse of Bessie Smith.
Leslie William Andrew is the meeting of Nottingham.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Highland Light Infantry.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of British India.
Leslie William Andrew is the appointment of Adjutant.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of 1St Wellington Regiment.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of Coronation Of King George Vi And Queen Elizabeth.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Trentham Military Camp.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of 5Th Infantry Brigade.
Leslie William Andrew is the defender of Maleme Airfield.
Leslie William Andrew is the defender of Hill 107.
Leslie William Andrew is the temporary commander of 22Nd Infantry Brigade.
Leslie William Andrew is the burial of Levin Rsa Cemetery.
Leslie William Andrew is the display of Qeii Army Memorial Museum.
Leslie William Andrew is the display location of Waiouru.
Leslie William Andrew is the recovery of New Zealand Police.
Leslie William Andrew is the reward provider of Michael Ashcroft.
Leslie William Andrew is the reward provider of John Sturgess.