Marina And The Diamonds releases The Family Jewels.
Marina And The Diamonds works Peter Gabriel.
Marina And The Diamonds works Liam Finn.
Marina And The Diamonds works Greg Kurstin.
Marina And The Diamonds works Richard 'Biff' Stannard.
Marina And The Diamonds works Starsmith.
The Family Jewels certifys British Phonographic Industry.
Marina And The Diamonds signs Solid State Records.
Marina And The Diamonds signs 679 Recordings.
Marina And The Diamonds signs Atlantic Records.
Marina And The Diamonds gains Myspace.
Marina And The Diamonds works Tim Burton.
Marina And The Diamonds works Kinga Burza.
Marina And The Diamonds works Dan Knight.
Marina And The Diamonds works Chilly Gonzales.
Marina And The Diamonds shares Kanye West.
Marina And The Diamonds receives Perez Hilton.
Marina And The Diamonds works Liam Gallagher.
Marina And The Diamonds influences Lady Gaga.
Marina And The Diamonds tours Katy Perry.
Marina And The Diamonds tours Coldplay.
Hugh Montgomery gives The Family Jewels.
Leonie Cooper gives The Family Jewels.
Lou Thomas gives The Family Jewels.
Sean O'Neal gives The Family Jewels.
Joe Rivers gives The Family Jewels.
Luke O'Neil gives The Family Jewels.
Miami participates 1980 College Football Season.
Miami participates 1981 Peach Bowl.
Miami participates 1981 Season.
Miami participates 1981 Peach Bowl.
Miami coachs Bill Schnellenberger.
Miami is the player of Jim Kelly.
Miami is the player of Larry Brodsky.
Miami is the player of Smokey Roan.
Miami is the player of Joe Canei.
Miami is the player of Jim Burt.
Miami is the player of Fred Marion.
Virginia Tech participates 1980 College Football Season.
Virginia Tech participates 1981 Peach Bowl.
Virginia Tech participates 1981 Season.
Virginia Tech participates 1981 Peach Bowl.
Virginia Tech coachs Bill Dooley.
Virginia Tech is the player of Cyrus Lawrence.
Virginia Tech is the player of Steve Casey.
Virginia Tech is the player of Sidney Snell.
Virginia Tech is the player of Rob Purdham.
Virginia Tech is the player of Ashley Lee.
Virginia Tech is the player of Robert Brown.