Australian Nurse Shark is the only extant member of of Nebrius Ferrugineus.
Australian Nurse Shark is the also known as of Giant Nurse Shark.
Australian Nurse Shark is the also known as of Type Shark.
Australian Nurse Shark is the also known as of Rusty Catshark.
Australian Nurse Shark is the also known as of Spitting Shark.
Australian Nurse Shark is the also known as of Tawny Shark.
Rene-Primevere is the first described as of Scyllium Ferrugineum.
Eduard Ruppell is the first described as of Nebrius Concolor.
Mario Compagno synonymizeds Scyllium Ferrugineum.
Mario Compagno synonymizeds Nebrius Concolor.
Pedibothrium is the infests of Australian Nurse Shark.
Bull Shark is the predator of of Australian Nurse Shark.
Great Hammerhead is the predator of of Australian Nurse Shark.
Tiger Shark is the predator of of Nurse Shark.
Sicklefin Lemon Shark is the similar to of Australian Nurse Shark.
Circus Acutidens is the similar to of Australian Nurse Shark.
George Cuvier is the predator of of Nurse Shark.
Circus Brevirostris is the predator of of Nurse Shark.
Pseudoginglymostoma Brevicaudatum is the sister genus of of Nebrius.
Genus Typus is the clade with of Nebrius.
Stegostoma Fasciatum is the clade with of Nebrius.
Tuna Minor siblings Nurse Shark.
California State Route 243 is the also known as of Banning-Idyllwild Panoramic Highway.
California State Route 243 is the runs from of Banning, California.
California State Route 243 is the runs to of Idyllwild, California.
California State Route 243 locates Riverside County, California.
California State Route 243 provides San Bernardino National Forest.
Banning is the road construction of Idyllwild.
Idyllwild is the addition to system of State Highway System.
Sr 243 is the starts at of San Jacinto Wilderness.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Mountain View.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Riverside County.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Memorial Drive.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Lemon Cove.
Sr 243 is the passes through of San Jacinto State Park.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Pollock Pines.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Morongo Indian Reservation.
Sr 243 is the ends at of City Of Banning.
City Of Banning continues Old Idyllwild Panoramic Highway.
City Of Banning continues San Gorgonio Avenue.
San Gorgonio Avenue is the turns left onto of Lincoln Drive.
Lincoln Drive is the turns right onto of Main Street.
Main Street is the ends at of I @ - @ 10.
Sr 243 is the part of system of National Highway System.
Sr 243 is the eligible for system of National Scenic Highway System.
Sr 243 designates California Department Of Transportation.
Sr 243 names Esperanza Firefighters Memorial Highway.
Esperanza Fire memorializes Esperanza Firefighters Memorial Highway.
Sr 243 is the passes through of Marion Memorial Drive.
Sr 243 haves Annual Average Daily Traffic.
Sr 243 is the offers view of of Lake Elsinore.
Sr 243 is the offers view of of Colorado Desert.
Federal Government funds Sr 243.
Sr 243 adds State Highway System.
State Senator John Dilworth is the introduced legislation for addition to system of Sr 243.