Ceratopsia is the earliest known species of Yinlong Downsi.
Ceratopsia is the last species of Prorsus.
Ceratopsia is the largest species of Triceratops.
Ceratopsia discovers Othniel Charles Darwin.
John W. Hayden is the expedition discovery of Charles Bradford Meek.
Charles Bradford Meek names Agathaumas Sylvestris.
Edward Drinker Cope names Polyonax.
Edward Drinker Cope names Monoclonius.
Edward Drinker Cope names Ceratops.
Marsh describes Ceratops.
Marsh classifys Ceratops.
Marsh classifys Ceratops.
Xu Xing is the cladistic analysis of Peter Makovicky.
Xu is the analysis of Yinlong.
Xu is the analysis of Chaoyangsaurus.
Brenda Chinnery is the description of Prenoceratops.
Brenda Chinnery is the publication of Phylogeny.
Makovicky is the incorporation of Brenda Chinnery.
Makovicky is the incorporation of John Norell.
Brenda Chinnery is the inclusion of Yamaceratops.
Makovicky is the incorporation of Chinnery.
Makovicky is the inclusion of Yamaceratops.
Makovicky is the analysis of Chaoyangsaurus.
Chaoyangsaurus is the position of Psittacosauridae.
Chinnery is the placement of Neoceratopsia.
Ceratopsidae is the relationship of Ceratopsoidea.
Asiaceratops is the stabilization of Cladogram.
Makovicky is the inclusion of Ivpp V12722.
Ivpp V12722 is the publication of Xuanhuasaurus.
Xuanhuasaurus is the publication of Xuanhuaceratops.
Makovicky is the consideration of Kulceratops.
Makovicky is the consideration of Turanoceratops.
Makovicky is the synonymy of Lamaceratops.
Makovicky is the synonymy of Magnirostris.
Makovicky is the synonymy of Platyceratops.
Makovicky is the synonymy of Bagaceratops.
Makovicky is the synonymy of Bainoceratops.
Makovicky is the inclusion of Aurora.
You Hailu is the team member of Xu.
You Hailu is the team member of Makovicky.
You Hailu is the publication of Peter Dodson.
You Hailu is the inclusion of Auroraceratops.
You Hailu is the analysis of Chaoyangsaurus.
You Hailu is the position of Psittacosaurus.
You Hailu is the relationship of Leptoceratopsidae.
You Hailu is the relationship of Protoceratopsidae.
You Hailu is the relationship of Aurora.
You Hailu is the consideration of Asiaceratops.
You Hailu is the consideration of Turanoceratops.
Li Zhiming names Magnirostris.
Aurora is the origin of Asia.
Aurora is the distribution of North America.
Leptoceratopsids is the migration of North America.
Udanoceratops is the migration of Asia.
Ceratopsids is the confirmation of Zuniceratops.
Turanoceratops is the confirmation of Ceratopsids.
Individual is the preservation of Skulls.
Psittacosaurus is the study of Ontogenetic Differences.
Ontogenetic Differences is the comparison of Psittacosaurus.
Psittacosaurus is the variation of Humans.
Ecological Role is the dominance of Triceratops.
Triceratops is the abundance of Western United States.
Triceratops is the herd behavior of Bison.
Bison is the impact of Diet.
Bison is the food source of Predators.
Ceratopsians is the speculation of Darren Naish.
Ceratopsians is the speculation of David Witton.
Diet is the omnivorous behavior of Ceratopsians.
Olson is the suggestion of Christiansen.
Ceratopsians is the speed of Olson.
Ceratopsians is the comparison of Birds.
Protoceratops is the suggestion of Nocturnal.
Scleral Rings is the comparison of Dinosaurs.
Scleral Rings is the comparison of Psittacosaurus.
Scleral Rings is the comparison of Birds.
Scleral Rings is the comparison of Reptiles.
Bone Rings is the discovery of Birds.