Guitar Hero is the creator of Redoctane.
Guitar Hero is the collaborator of Harmonix.
Guitar Hero is the distributor of Activision.
Players is the use of Guitar Controller.
Players is the play of Music Genres.
Players is the entertain of Studio Audience.
Guitar Hero is the music performer of Wavegroup.
Activision is the acquisition of Mtv Games.
Activision hires Neversoft.
Activision is the collaboration of Budcat Games.
Activision is the assistance of Vicarious Visions.
Activision is the development of Freestylegames.
Harmonix is the designer of Ryan Lesser.
Harmonix is the designer of Mike Kay.
Harmonix is the designer of Greg Lopiccolo.
Harmonix is the designer of Alex Rigopulous.
Redoctane is the lead developer of Jack Miller.
Redoctane is the founder of Kai Huang.
Redoctane is the founder of Charles Huang.
Activision is the leader of Bobby Kotick.
Activision is the executive of Dan Smith.
Activision is the executive of Eric Hirshber.
Guitar Hero is the developer of Konami.
Guitar Hero is the developer of Redoctane.
Guitar Hero is the developer of Harmonix.
Guitar Hero is the developer of Activision.
Activision is the merger of Vivendi Entertainment.
Activision is the ceo of Bobby Kotick.
Guitar Hero features Joe Perry.
Guitar Hero features Jimi Hendrix.
Guitar Hero features Billy Corgan.
Guitar Hero features Hayley Williams.
Guitar Hero features Zakk Wylde.
Guitar Hero features Ted Nugent.
Guitar Hero features Travis Barker.
Guitar Hero features Sting.
Guitar Hero features Ozzy Osbourne.
Guitar Hero features Johnny Cash.
Guitar Hero features Matt Bellamy.
Guitar Hero features Carlos Santana.
Guitar Hero features Kurt Cobain.
Guitar Hero features Shirley Manson.
Guitar Hero is the narrator of Gene Simmons.
Guitar Hero features Taylor Swift.
Guitar Hero features No Doubt.
Activision is the acquisition of Freestylegames.
Freestylegames is the developer of Dj Hero.
Activision is the developer of Machineworks Northwest Llc.
Machineworks Northwest Llc is the developer of Guitar Hero Iii Mobile.
Activision is the developer of Glu Mobile.
Activision is the collaborator of Basic Fun, Inc.
Guitar Hero Iii bases Guitar Hero Ii.
Guitar Hero Iii is the under scrutiny by of American Society Of Composers, Authors And Publishers (Ascap).
Neversoft is the likely planning to take over development of Vicarious Visions.
Neversoft lets Redoctane Studios.
Neversoft is the possible departure result of Underground Development.
Redoctane Studios is the founder of Kai Huang.
Redoctane Studios is the founder of David Huang.
Neversoft is the studio head at activision of Dan Rosensweig.
Dan Rosensweig leaves Activision.
Dave Mustaine is the in talks with of Activision.
Dave Mustaine is the frontman for of Megadeth.
Dave Mustaine works Chris Prynoski.
Guitar Hero Games is the player of Player.
Guitar Hero Games is the character selection of Avatar.
Guitar Hero Games is the character of Metalhead Axel Steel.
Guitar Hero Games is the character of Lars Ulrich.
Guitar Hero Games is the character of Napalm.
Guitar Hero Games is the character of Judy Nails.
Guitar Hero Games is the character of Casey Lynch.
Guitar Hero Games is the musician of Sting.
Guitar Hero Games is the musician of Tom Petty.
Guitar Hero Games is the musician of Bret Michaels.
Guitar Hero Games is the musician of Kurt Cobain.
Guitar Hero Games is the musician of Taylor Swift.
Guitar Hero Games is the band of No Doubt.
Guitar Hero Games is the musician of Courtney Love.
Guitar Hero Games is the band of Aerosmith.
Guitar Hero Games is the band of Metallica.
Guitar Hero Games is the band of Van Halen.
Guitar Hero Games is the developer of Neversoft.
Neversoft is the related game series of Tony Hawk Series.
Guitar Hero Games is the person of Chris Miller.
Guitar Hero Games is the person of Kai Huang.
Guitar Hero Games is the company of Gibson Guitar Corporation.
Gibson Guitar Corporation is the person of Mark Devecka.
Guitar Hero Games is the person of Masaya Matsuura.
Guitar Hero Games is the person of Ryan Geddes.
Guitar Hero Games is the person of Jesse Divnich.
Technological Changes is the require of Shooter Genre.
Mark Sumner criticizes Activision.
Rock Band Series supports Harmonix.
Guitar Hero Series criticizes Harmonix.
Guitar Hero Series recognizes Ars Technica.
Guitar Hero Series is the developed of Neversoft.
Activision mentions Brian Bright.
U2 World Tour mentions Brian Bright.
Activision releases Dj Hero.
Activision responds Paul Smith.
Activision cites Activision Uk.
Activision Uk attributes Activision.
Activision Uk focuss Dj Hero.
Activision Uk is the outsold of Guitar Hero Series.
Activision Uk is the outsold of Rock Band Series.
Activision Uk recognizes Rhythm Game Genre.
Activision Uk reduces Activision.
Activision Uk is the put on hold of Activision.
Activision Uk attributes Activision.