Tintin In The Congo is the main character of Tintin.
Tintin In The Congo is the accompanies of Snowy.
Tintin In The Congo is the author of Herge.
Tintin In The Congo commissions Le Vingtieme Siecle.
Tintin In The Congo sets Belgian Congo.
Tintin In The Congo is the antagonist of Al Smith.
Georges Remi is the pen name of Herge.
Georges Remi employs Le Petit Vingtieme.
Herge is the writer and illustrator of Le Petit Vingtieme.
Herge works Norbert Wallez.
Herge creates Tintin.
Herge is the researched culture of Belgian Congo.
Herge is the biographer mentioned of Georges Remi.
Le Petit Vingtieme publishs Tintin In The Congo.
Le Petit Vingtieme is the inspiration for story of Belgian Congo.
Le Petit Vingtieme introduces Georges Remi.
Le Petit Vingtieme is the featured characters of Pierre And Flupke.
Le Petit Vingtieme publishs Casterman.
Le Petit Vingtieme introduces Smith And Jones.
Le Petit Vingtieme employs Georges Remi.
Le Petit Vingtieme works Herge.
Le Petit Vingtieme is the setting of story of Belgian Congo.
Le Petit Vingtieme introduces Al Smith.
Le Petit Vingtieme is the inspiration for characters of Georges Remi.
Le Petit Vingtieme is the supplement of of Le Vingtieme Siecle.
Le Petit Vingtieme introduces Georges Remi.
Le Petit Vingtieme publishs Le Vingtieme Siecle.
Coco is the assists of Tintin.
Coco rescues Crocodile.
Coco saves Tintin.
Snowy is the defends against of Crocodile.
Tintin is the rescues of Coco.
Tintin accompanys Snowy.
Tintin is the travels with of Coco.
Tintin is the hunts with of Leopard.
Tintin admires Villagers.
Tintin is the jealous of of Muganga.
Tintin attacks Muganga.
Tintin defeats Muganga.
Tintin is the ends own life of Muganga.
Tintin is the attempts to kill of Stowaway.
Tintin eats Stowaway.
Tintin is the fights with of Stowaway.
Tintin is the captures of Stowaway.
Tintin reveals A.C..
Tintin assists French Police.
Tintin captures Smith And Jones.
Tintin is the story setting of Congo.
Tintin creates Herge.
Tintin receives Peeters.
Tintin is the subject of study of Apostolides.
Tintin is the subject of study of Mccarthy.
Tintin is the subject of study of Thompson.
Tintin is the subject of study of Assouline.
Tintin is the subject of study of Grove.
Tintin is the subject of study of Mckinney.
Tintin is the subject of study of Enright.
Tintin is the subject of study of Widdecombe.
Tintin is the subject of criticism of Mondondo.
Tintin is the legal defense by of Berenboom.
Tintin parodys Kannemeyer.
Tintin accuses Sakanyi.
De Gucht accuses Mova.
Mccarthy agrees Apostolides.
Peeters agrees Apostolides.
Farr is the positive opinion of of Herge.
Gide influences Herge.
Londres influences Herge.
Shakespeare influences Herge.
Conrad influences Herge.
Mbutu Mondondo files Mondondo.
Dickens is the comparison made to of Berenboom.
Hugo is the comparison made to of Berenboom.
Kabila is the subject of criticism by of De Gucht.
Enright is the work criticized by of Sawhney.