The Feast Of The Goat is the author of Mario Vargas Llosa.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Rafael Trujillo.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Urania Cabral.
The Feast Of The Goat sets Dominican Republic.
The Feast Of The Goat is the theme of Dictatorship.
The Feast Of The Goat is the theme of Power.
The Feast Of The Goat is the theme of Corruption.
The Feast Of The Goat is the theme of Memory.
The Feast Of The Goat is the theme of Sexuality.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Assassins.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Joaquin Balaguer.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Johnny Abbes Garcia.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Ramfis Trujillo.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of General Jose Roman.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Isabel Cabral.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Agustin Cabral.
Balaguer is the dominates of Rafael Trujillo.
Antonio Imbert Barrera is the assassin of Rafael Trujillo.
Antonio De La Maza is the assassin of Rafael Trujillo.
Salvador Estrella Sadhala is the assassin of Rafael Trujillo.
Amado Garcia Guerrero is the assassin of Rafael Trujillo.
Mariana Cabral is the victim of sexual abuse of Rafael Trujillo.
Agustin Balaguer is the real person in fictional context of Rafael Trujillo.
Hugo is the fictional character in fictional context of Rafael Trujillo.
Urania is the victim of sexual abuse of Rafael Trujillo.
Peter Diederich is the author of Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat accuses Mario Vargas Llosa.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the actor of Isabella Rossellini.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the actor of Morgan Freeman.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the actor of Stephanie Munro.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the actor of Tomas Milian.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the character of Maria Cabral.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the character of Agustin Cabral.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the character of Uranita.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the character of Rafael Hernandez Trujillo.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the critic of Carl Bernstein.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat is the critic of Thomas Weber.
Trujillo: The Death Of The Goat adapts Jorge Luis Triana.
Jorge Luis Triana is the spouse of Maria Triana.
Jorge Luis Triana is the director of Jorge Triana.
Jorge Triana is the production company of Repertorio Espanol.
Repertorio Espanol is the location of New York.
Repertorio Espanol is the location of Lima.