Tina Fey is the impression of Sarah Palin.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Amy Poehler.
Tina Fey is the portrayal of Liz Lemon.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Ellie Kemper.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Jane Krakowski.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Emily Blunt.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Carol Kane.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Chris Farley.
Tina Fey is the co-writer of Rachel Dratch.
Tina Fey is the reviewer of Ken Tucker.
Tina Fey is the reviewer of Dennis Miller.
Tina Fey is the reviewer of Bill Sklar.
Tina Fey is the successor of Seth Meyers.
Tina Fey is the inspiration of Julia Roberts.
Tina Fey is the portrayal of Marcia Cross.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Tim Meadows.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Ana Gasteyer.
Tina Fey is the inspiration of Rosalind Wiseman.
Tina Fey is the collaborator of Sacha Baron Cohen.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Artie Lange.
Tina Fey is the collaborator of Michael Mccullers.
Tina Fey is the reviewer of Todd Mccarthy.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Ricky Gervais.
Tina Fey is the co-star of Jennifer Garner.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in film of Shawn Mendes.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in film of Steve Carell.
Tina Fey portrays Roxanne Ritchie.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in film of Paul Rudd.
Tina Fey works Anthony Weitz.
Tina Fey works Eugene Levy.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in film of Amy Poehler.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in tv show of John Mccain.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in tv show of Cindy Mccain.
Tina Fey works Donald Glover.
Tina Fey works Lorne Michaels.
Tina Fey portrays Sarah Palin.
Tina Fey is the co-starred in tv show of Hillary Clinton.
Tina Fey voices Tinker Bell.
Tina Fey portrays Kate Ellis.
Tina Fey portrays Liz Lemon.
Tina Fey inspires Phyllis Diller.
Tina Fey inspires Mindy Kaling.
Tina Fey inspires Zooey Deschanel.
Tina Fey inspires Lena Dunham.
Tina Fey names Barbara Walters.
Tina Fey is the parent of Alice Zenobia Richmond.
Tina Fey is the parent of Penelope Elizabeth Richmond.
Tina Fey profiles Maureen Dowd.
Wasp-44 is the orbits of Jupiter.