Loose is the artist of Nelly Furtado.
Loose is the producer of Timbaland.
Loose is the producer of Danja.
Loose samples Janne Suni.
Loose features Juanes.
Loose features Chris Martin.
Loose is the collaborator of Justin Timberlake.
Loose is the collaborator of Pharrell.
Loose is the collaborator of Scott Storch.
Loose is the collaborator of Lil Wayne.
Loose is the collaborator of Nellee Hooper.
Loose is the collaborator of Rick Nowels.
Loose is the collaborator of Jellystone.
Loose is the collaborator of Track & Field.
Loose is the collaborator of K'Naan.
Loose is the collaborator of Lester Mendez.
Loose is the inspiration of Madonna.
Loose is the inspiration of Mc Lyte.
Loose is the inspiration of Queen Latifah.
Loose is the inspiration of Janet Jackson.
Loose is the inspiration of Bloc Party.
Loose is the inspiration of System Of A Down.
Loose is the inspiration of M.I.A..
Loose is the inspiration of Prince.
Loose is the inspiration of Queens Of The Stone Age.
Loose is the inspiration of Garbage.
Loose is the inspiration of Death From Above 1979.
Loose features Calle 13.
Loose is the inspiration of Jasper Gahunia.
Nelly Furtado is the nationality of Canada.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Australia.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of France.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of United Kingdom.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Europe.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Germany.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of United States.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Mexico.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Latin America.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of North America.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Europe.
Nelly Furtado is the performance location of Asia.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Chris Brown.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Juanes.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Justin Timberlake.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Calle 13.
Nelly Furtado mentions Nickelback.
Nelly Furtado mentions The Dresden Dolls.
Nelly Furtado is the record label of Geffen Records.
Nelly Furtado is the record label of Universal Music Group.
Nelly Furtado is the chart performance of Canadian Albums Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the chart performance of Pan-European Singles Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the chart performance of Billboard Hot 100.
Nelly Furtado is the chart performance of Latin Pop Airplay Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the chart performance of Us Billboard 200.
Nelly Furtado is the chart performance of Uk Albums Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the certification of Australian Recording Industry Association (Aria).
Nelly Furtado is the certification of Recording Industry Association Of America (Riaa).
Nelly Furtado is the certification of Canadian Recording Industry Association (Cria).
Nelly Furtado is the review source of Metacritic.
Nelly Furtado mentions Assembly.
Nelly Furtado is the appearance of American Idol.
Nelly Furtado is the appearance of Teen Choice Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the appearance of World Music Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the appearance of American Music Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the appearance of 94Th Grey Cup Halftime Show.
Nelly Furtado is the appearance of Nrj Music Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the concert tour of Get Loose Tour.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Rock Am Ring.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Pinkpop Festival.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Calgary Stampede.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Ottawa Bluesfest.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Ultra Music Festival.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Summer Sonic.
Nelly Furtado is the performance venue of Music Festivals.
Nelly Furtado mentions York City Football Club.
Nelly Furtado is the opponent of Fleetwood Town.
Lanre Oyebanjo is the won of Clubman Of The Year Award.
Clubman Of The Year Award votes Club'S Supporters.
York City participates Football League.
York City participates Conference Premier.
York City is the won of Conference Premier Play-Offs.
Gary Peters is the manager of of York City.
Gary Peters replaces Nigel Worthington.
Nigel Worthington is the manager of of York City.
York City is the in of Relegation Zone.
York City is the won against of Dagenham & Redbridge.
York City finishs Football League Two.
Lee Martin releases York City.
Jon Challinor releases York City.
Chris Doig releases York City.
Paul Everson releases York City.
Scott Kerr releases York City.
Paul Mcdaid releases York City.
Patrick Mclaughlin releases York City.
Paul Potts releases York City.
Jamie Smith releases York City.
Jason Walker releases York City.
Matty Smith signs Fleetwood Town.
David Mcgurk signs York City.
Lanre Oyebanjo signs York City.
Danny Parslow signs York City.
Tom Platt signs York City.
Chrissmith signs York City.
Chris Kettings signs York City.
Ben Davies signs York City.
Craig Clay signs York City.
Jamie Montrose signs York City.
Sander Puri signs York City.
Ryan Jones signs York City.
Richard Cresswell signs York City.
Wes Fletcher signs York City.
Ryan Jarvis signs York City.
Mike Atkinson signs York City.
George Wilson signs York City.
Ryan Brobbel signs York City.
John Mcready signs York City.
Exeter City plays York City.
Alan Gow scores Exeter City.
Josh Carson signs York City.
Chris Harrold scores Cheltenham Town.
Chris Beardsley scores Cheltenham Town.
Keith Lowe signs York City.
Nick Carson signs York City.
Kevan Hurst signs York City.
Steve Mccarey signs York City.
Martin O'Neill signs York City.
Armand Gnanduillet scores Fleetwood Town.
Michael O'Shea scores Fleetwood Town.
Gareth Evans scores Fleetwood Town.
Jamille Bowman scores Fleetwood Town.
Shaq Mcdonald signs York City.
Sam Coulson signs York City.
Tom Jones signs York City.
Ben Penn signs York City.
Ashley Smith signs Cambridge United.
James Mccombe signs York City.
Jamal Fyfield is the left of York City.
Will Hayhurst signs York City.
Calvin Andrew signs York City.
Coulson scores York.
Pope nominates York.
Brobbel scores York.
Andrew scores York.
Blair scores Fleetwood.
Sarcevic assists Fleetwood.
Oyebanjo is the voted clubman of the year of York.
Fletcher is the top scorer of York.
Fletcher is the most appearances of York.
Jarvis is the goal scorer of York.
Allan releases York.
Jones releases York.
Mcdonald releases York.
Puri releases York.
Jones releases York.
Mcgurk retires York.
Bowman transfers Torquay.
Oyebanjo transfers Crawley Town.
Coulson signs York.
Mooney is the loan in of York.
Ilesanmi is the loan in of York.
Mccoy is the loan in of York.
Winfield is the loan in of York.
Meikle is the loan in of York.
Straker is the loan in of York.
Summerfield is the loan in of York.
Hyde is the loan in of York.