Astraeus Hygrometricus is the belongs to family of Diplocystaceae.
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the similar to of Geastrum.
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the similar to of Astraeus.
Persoon is the described of Astraeus Hygrometricus.
William H. Smith proposes Astraeus Hygrometricus.
William P. Morgan designates Astraeus Hygrometricus.
Gordon Herriot Cunningham transfers Astraeus Hygrometricus.
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the synonym of Lycoperdon Stellatus Scop..
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the synonym of Geastrum Stellatum (Scop.) Wettst..
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the synonym of Astraeus Stellatus E. Fisch..
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the rename of Astraeus Asiaticus.
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the rename of Astraeus Odoratus.
Astraeus Hygrometricus is the rename of Astraeus Thailandicus.
V. A. Stanek names Astraeus Hygrometricus.
Hanns Kreisel describes Astraeus Hygrometricus.
Fangfuk confirms Astraeus Hygrometricus.
Oak is the usual of Pine.
Japan grows Chir Pine.
Japan grows Sal.
Korean Fungus finds Rice Fields.
Korean Fungus finds Sandy Or Clay Soils.
Korean Fungus reports Limestone.
Korean Fungus prefers Acidic Soils Of Limestone And Granite.
Korean Fungus collects Elevations Of 3,000 M (9,800 M).
Korean Fungus is the appear in of Autumn.
Gelatinipulvinella Astraeicola is the occur on of Astraeus Species.
Gelatinipulvinella Astraeicola is the occur on of Outer Surface Of The Rays.
Ae2 inhibits Human Cancer Cell Lines.
Ae2 inhibits Splenocytes.
Ae2 stimulates T Cells.
Ae2 increases Human Natural Killer Cells.
Ae2 stimulates Macrophages.
Ae2 increases Insulin.
Ae2 is the activation of of Immune System.
Ergosta-7,22-Diene-3-Ol isolates Fruit Bodies Of A. Hygrometricus.
Ergosta-4,6,12-(O),3-Tetraene-3-Al isolates Fruit Bodies Of A. Hygrometricus.
Astrahygrol isolates Fruit Bodies Of A. Hygrometricus.
3-Epi-Astrahygrol isolates Fruit Bodies Of A. Hygrometricus.
Astrahygrone isolates Fruit Bodies Of A. Hygrometricus.
3-Hydroxy-Lanostane isolates Fruit Bodies Of A. Hygrometricus.
Sterol Ester isolates Mycelia.
Fruit Bodies is the high in of Antioxidant Activity.
Fruit Bodies shows Laboratory Experiments.
Fruit Bodies haves Anti-Damaging Properties.
Mouse Models demonstrates Hepatoprotective Properties.
Hepatoprotective Properties restores Levels Of Antioxidant Enzymes Superoxide Dismutase.
Hepatoprotective Properties restores Levels Of Antioxidant Enzymes Catalase.
Hepatoprotective Properties reduces Reducing Levels Of Chemical Carbon Tetrachloride.
Hemostatic Medicine is the stop of Wound Bleeding.
Hemostatic Medicine reduces Chilblains.
Baiga Tribe is the use medicinally of Fruit Bodies.
Bharia Tribe is the use medicinally of Fruit Bodies.
Spore Extract blends Mustard Seed Oil.
Spore Extract is the remedy against of Burns.
Blackfoot is the call of Fruits.