Nicole Franklin portrays Tessa James.
Nicole Franklin introduces Cameron Welsh.
Nicole Franklin is the in relationship with of Geoff Campbell.
Nicole Franklin involves Freya Duric.
Nicole Franklin is the in relationship with of Aden Jefferies.
Nicole Franklin involves Liam Murphy.
Nicole Franklin involves Nick.
Nicole Franklin haves Sid Walker.
Nicole Franklin is the let have baby upon birth of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole Franklin is the daughter of of Roman Harris.
Tessa James confirms Cameron Mitchell.
Tessa James is the fellow cast member of of Celeste Dodwell.
Geoff Campbell involves Freya Duric.
Geoff Campbell attacks Jason Quaid.
Geoff Campbell is the previous relationship with of Belle Taylor.
Geoff Campbell involves Trey Palmer.
Aden Jefferies takes Brendan Mitchell.
Aden Jefferies is the close friend of of Melody.
Aden Jefferies is the in relationship with of Nicole Franklin.
Aden Jefferies is the previous relationship with of Belle Taylor.
Aden Jefferies deceives Nicole Franklin.
Aden Jefferies feels Liam Murphy.
Aden Jefferies is the serious relationship with of Nicole Franklin.
Todd Lasance is the previous relationship with of Belle Taylor.
Todd Lasance is the in relationship with of Nicole Franklin.
Nicole is the relationship of Aden.
Nicole is the relationship of James.
Nicole is the relationship of Lasance.
Nicole is the relationship of Geoff.
Nicole is the relationship of Kim.
Nicole is the relationship of Sophie Mitchell.
Nicole is the relationship of Michael Mccathie.
Nicole is the relationship of Marilyn Mitchell.
Nicole is the relationship of Sid Spencer.
Nicole is the relationship of Angelo Rosetta.
Nicole is the relationship of George.
Nicole is the relationship of Vincent.
Nicole is the relationship of Penn Walker.
Nicole is the relationship of Roman Mitchell.
Nicole is the relationship of Natalie Mitchell.
Nicole is the relationship of Elliot Gillen.
Nicole is the relationship of Freya.
Nicole is the relationship of Dane.
Nicole is the relationship of Liam.
Nicole is the relationship of Phil Copeland.
Nicole is the relationship of Roo Stewart.
Nicole is the relationship of Bob Geldof.
Nicole is the relationship of Paris Hilton.
Nicole is the relationship of Julia Gillard.
Nicole is the relationship of Jaci Jones.
Nicole is the relationship of Erin Miller.
Nicole is the relationship of John.