Hurricane Omar occurs Caribbean Sea.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Puerto Rico.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of United States Virgin Islands.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Antigua.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Haiti.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Cayman Islands.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Azores.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Dominican Republic.
Hurricane Omar moves Atlantic Ocean.
Tropical Depression Six classifys National Hurricane Center.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Sint Maarten.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Martinique.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Barbados.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Dominica.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Anguilla.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Saba.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of St. Eustatius.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Hilton Head.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Montserrat.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of St. Lucia.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Gros Islet.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Soufriere.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of Anse-Raye.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of St. Kitts And Nevis.
Hurricane Omar fuels Food Security.
Hurricane Omar signs George W. Bush.
Hurricane Omar receives Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Federal Support requests U.S.C.E. Office Of Public Affairs.
Federal Support receives Organizations.
Federal Support receives Fema.
Federal Support refers Small Business Administration'S Loan Program.
Omar is the left homeless of 30 Families.
Omar is the severely hampered of Fishing Community.
Board Of Directors approves Caribbean Development Bank.
Caribbean Development Bank provides Omar.
Caribbean Development Bank is the rebuild churches of Hurricane.
Government Of Dominica provides Fishing Community.
Government Of Dominica provides 200 Fishermen.
Government Of Dominica purchases 121 Houses.
Government Of Dominica repairs 47 Boats.
Government Of Dominica provides Fishing Community.
Papal Conclave convenes Pope Clement Xiii.
Pope Clement Xiii elects Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli.
Pope Clement Xiii dies Death Of Clement Xiii.
House Of Bourbon is the pressured holy see of Society Of Jesus.
Kingdom Of Portugal is the pressured holy see of Society Of Jesus.
Society Of Jesus defends Papal Territories.
Papal Territories seizes Avignon.
Papal Territories seizes Benevento.
Papal Territories seizes Pontecorvo.
Papal Territories seizes Naples.
Papal Territories seizes Sicily.
Papal Territories seizes Duchy Of Parma And Piacenza.
College Of Cardinals participates Carlo Alberto Guidobono Cavalchini.
College Of Cardinals participates Federico Marcello Lante.
College Of Cardinals participates Gian Francesco Albani.
College Of Cardinals participates Charles Benedict Stuart.
College Of Cardinals participates Fabrizio Serbelloni.
College Of Cardinals participates Giovanni Francesco Stoppani.
College Of Cardinals participates Giuseppe Pozzobonelli.
College Of Cardinals participates Carlo Vittorio Amedeo Delle Lanze.
College Of Cardinals participates Vincenzo Malvezzi.
College Of Cardinals participates Antonio Sersale.
College Of Cardinals participates Francisco De Solis Folch De Cardona.
College Of Cardinals participates Paul D'Indy De Luynes.
College Of Cardinals participates Carlo Rezzonico.
College Of Cardinals participates Antonio Maria Priuli.
College Of Cardinals participates Fernando Maria De Rossi.
College Of Cardinals participates Girolamo Spinola.
College Of Cardinals participates Giuseppe Maria Castelli.
College Of Cardinals participates Gaetano Fantuzzi.
College Of Cardinals participates Pietro Girolamo Guglielmi.
College Of Cardinals participates Pietro Paolo Maria Conti.
College Of Cardinals participates Lorenzo Ganganelli.
College Of Cardinals participates Marcantonio Colonna.
College Of Cardinals participates Buenaventura De Cordoba Espinola Y La Cerda.
College Of Cardinals participates Giovanni Molino.
College Of Cardinals participates Simone Buonaccorsi.
College Of Cardinals participates Giovanni Carlo Boschi.
College Of Cardinals participates Ludovico Calini.
College Of Cardinals participates Antonio Colonna Branciforte.
College Of Cardinals participates Lazzaro Opizio Pallavicino.
College Of Cardinals participates Vitaliano Borromeo.
College Of Cardinals participates Pietro Pamphili.
College Of Cardinals participates Urbano Paracciani Rutili.
College Of Cardinals participates Filippo Maria Pirelli.
College Of Cardinals participates Alessandro Albani.
College Of Cardinals participates Neri Maria Corsini.
College Of Cardinals participates Domenico Orsini D'Aragona.
College Of Cardinals participates Flavio Maria Chigi.
College Of Cardinals participates Luigi Maria Torregiani.
College Of Cardinals participates Francois-Cardinal Joseph Clermont-Bern.
College Of Cardinals participates Giovanni Costanzio Caracciolo.
College Of Cardinals participates Nicola Perelli.
College Of Cardinals participates Andrea Corsini.
College Of Cardinals participates Andrea Negroni.
College Of Cardinals participates Saverio Canale.
College Of Cardinals participates Benedetto Veterani.
Joseph Ii visits Papal Conclave.
Bernis is the correspondence of French Ambassador Marquis D ' Aubeterre.
Bernis refuses Future Pope.
Bernis rejects Francesco Fantuzzi.
Bernis rejects Cavalchini.
Bernis rejects Colonna.
Bernis rejects Stoppani.
Bernis rejects Pozzobonelli.
Bernis rejects Sersale.
Cardinals Solis is the correspondence of Spanish Ambassador Azpuru.
Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli educates Father Lorenzo Ricci.
Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli elects Clement Xiii.
Cardinal Solis questions Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli.
Cardinal Solis questions Bourbon ##S.
Cardinal Solis is the accepted promise of Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli.
Cardinal Solis is the correspondence of Cardinals Gian Francesco Albani.
Cardinal Solis follows Cardinal De Bernis.
Cardinal De Bernis follows Marquis D ' Aubeterre.
Cardinal Candidates is the ballot results of Fantuzzi.
Cardinal Candidates is the ballot results of Colonna.
Cardinal Candidates is the ballot results of Pozzobonelli.
Cardinal Candidates is the ballot results of Stoppani.
Cardinal Candidates is the ballot results of Ganganelli.
Carlo Rezzonico is the nephew of of Clement Xiii.
Carlo Rezzonico gives Clement Xiv.
Clement Xiv honors Clement Xiii.
Clement Xiv consecrates Cardinal Federico Marcello Lante.
Clement Xiv assists Cardinals Gian Francesco Albani.
Clement Xiv assists Henry Francis Carey.
Clement Xiv crowns Alessandro Albani.