Sentence Spacing is the relationship of Typeset Text.
Sentence Spacing is the relationship of Typographical Convention.
Movable Type is the relationship of Latin Alphabet.
Publishing Houses is the relationship of Printers.
French Printers is the relationship of Proportional Spacing.
Typewriter is the relationship of Printing Industry.
Computers is the relationship of Printing Industry.
Books is the relationship of Style Guides.
Magazines is the relationship of Style Guides.
Newspapers is the relationship of Style Guides.
Mechanical Type is the relationship of Linotype Machine.
Mechanical Type is the relationship of Monotype Machine.
Typewriter is the relationship of Printing Industry.
English-Speaking Countries is the relationship of Proportional Spacing.
Web Design Guides is the relationship of Html.
European Union is the relationship of English Language.
Federal Government Printing Office Of Germany is the relationship of Style Guides.
Academie Francaise is the relationship of Dictionnaire De L'Academie Francaise.
Spanish Language is the relationship of Real Academia Espanola.
German Language Manual is the relationship of Grammar Guides.
Grammar Guides is the relationship of Mla Style Manual.
Digital Age precedes Computer Era.
Computer Era handles Space Between Words.
Space Between Words handles Software Packages.
Software Packages is the acceptance of user input of User.
Software Packages alters User.
Software Packages detects User.
Software Packages enables Word Processors.
Software Packages enables Typesetting Software.
Typesetting Software is the text recognition of Computer Users.
Typesetting Software is the text formatting of Computer Users.
Typesetting Software utilizes Troff.
Typesetting Software utilizes Tex.
Computer Users is the text recognition of Text Editing Environment.
Text Editing Environment is the sentence identification of Emacs.
Text Editing Environment is the sentence identification of Vi Editor.
Emacs shares Vi Editor.
Emacs is the sentence identification of Unix Typing Program.
Vi Editor shares Unix Typing Program.
Unix Typing Program is the sentence boundary distinction of Typesetter.
Typesetter is the differentiation of Abbreviations.
Microsoft Windows is the sentence spacing specification of Grammar Rules.
Touch-Screen Editors is the automatic sentence interpretation of Android.
Touch-Screen Editors is the automatic sentence interpretation of Ios.
World Wide Web Content is the elimination of multiple spaces of Space Entities.
World Wide Web Content is the regardless of association with sentences of Space Entities.
World Wide Web Content is the additional spacing provision of Plain White-Space Property.
World Wide Web Content is the additional spacing provision of <Pre> Property.
Twitter is the retention of extra space of Space Entities.
Twitter is the unsupported space entities of Space Entities.
Twitter quotes James Felici.
James Felici is the author of of Oxford Manual Of Style.
Debate is the topic of of James Felici.
Debate is the opposition by of Writers.
Debate is the opposition by of Publishers.
Screenwriting Industry is the standard font of Courier.
Screenwriting Industry recommends Proportional Fonts.
Manuscript Submissions is the requirement by of Publishers' Guidance.
Publishing Standard is the association with double spacing of Monospaced Fonts.
Publishing Standard is the association with single spacing of Modern Proportional Fonts.
Internet is the teaching of sentence spacing of Children.
Internet is the change in sentence spacing convention of References.
References is the acceptance of single spacing of Monospaced Fonts.
References continues Double Spaced.
References is the concern for future learning of Children.
Style Guides is the recommendation by of Publishers.
Style Guides is the precedence of guidance of Publishers.
Legibility is the effect on of Readability.
Legibility is the impact on of Dots.
Legibility is the impact on of Holes.
Typographic Opinions is the lack of basis of Evidence.
Studies conducts Loh.
Studies conducts Clinton.
Studies conducts Shewanown.
Studies conducts Ali.
Studies conducts Clinton.
Studies conducts Ali.
Studies conducts Holschuh.
Studies conducts Branch.
Studies conducts Ni.
Studies conducts Chen.