Song Dynasty is the architectural style of Stone Pagodas.
Song Dynasty is the architectural style of Stone Bridges.
Song Dynasty is the architectural style of Royal Tombs.
Song Dynasty is the architectural style of Palaces.
Song Dynasty is the development of Architectural Writing.
Song Dynasty is the status of Architect.
Song Dynasty is the status of Master Mason.
Song Dynasty is the status of Carpenter.
Song Dynasty is the status of Structural Engineer.
Song Dynasty is the contribution of Architectural Historians.
Song Dynasty is the establishment of Government Offices.
Song Dynasty is the establishment of Schools For Construction.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the capital of Bianjing.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the structure of City Wall.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the architectural feature of Gates.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the structure of Imperial City.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the feature of Imperial Boulevard.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the structure of Imperial Corridors.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the construction of Stone Arch Bridge.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the structure of Forbidden City.
Ancient Chinese Cities is the decoration of Plum Blossoms.
Buddhist Pagoda is the influence of Han Dynasty.
Buddhist Pagoda is the purpose of Scriptural Sutras.
Buddhist Pagoda is the development of Wooden Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the adaptation of Tang Dynasty.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Brick Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Iron Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the example of Songyue Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the example of Giant White Goose Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the example of Iron Pagoda Of Youguo Temple.
Buddhist Pagoda is the example of Iron Pagoda Of Yuquan Temple.
Buddhist Pagoda is the example of Liuhe Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Zhengjue Temple.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Lingxiao Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Pizhi Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Liaodi Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the construction of Qianxun Pagoda.
Buddhist Pagoda is the function of Dingnan.
Buddhist Pagoda is the function of Gaocheng Astronomical Observatory.
Buddhist Pagoda is the example of Yunyan Pagoda.
Temples is the construction of Jinze.
Temples is the construction of Nanxiang.
Temples is the construction of Temple Of The Saintly Mother.
Temples is the construction of Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Temples is the construction of Great Hall Of Xuanwu Temple.
Temples is the construction of Yellow Palace.
Song Dynasty locates Shou Qiu.
Shou Qiu is the adjacent to of Tortoise-Borne Steles.
Tortoise-Borne Steles is the part of of Stele Of The Sorrow Of 10,000.
Stele Of The Sorrow Of 10,000 is the adjacent to of Yellow Emperor'S Consort Shaohao.
Tortoise-Borne Steles preserves Dai Miao Of Mount Tai.
Song Dynasty constructs Bridges.
Song Dynasty locates Imperial Tombs Of The Northern Song Emperors.
Imperial Tombs Of The Northern Song Emperors is the contains of Baisha Tomb.
Song Dynasty writes Yili Shigong.
Yili Shigong ascribes Mu Jing.
Mu Jing authors Yu Hao.
Mu Jing mentions Shen Kuo.
Song Dynasty writes Li Jie.
Li Jie authors Yingzao Fashi.