One Los Angeles Lakers rookie shined at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday, but it wasn’t Lonzo Ball. Instead, it was Kyle Kuzma who did his part to keep the Purple and Gold competitive in what wound up as a 110-100 loss to the Indiana Pacers—their third straight defeat overall.
Kuz came through with a game-high 27 points on 10-of-18 shooting (3-of-10 from three, 4-of-5 on free throws). The Utah product also grabbed eight rebounds and dished out an assist in 37 minutes.
Zo and the Lakers looked like they might have a noteworthy night in the Sooner State to start their four-game road trip. The Crown Prince of Chino Hills racked up six assists in the first quarter, during which the Lakers led by as many as 12 points.
But that advantage evaporated amid a hail of L.A. turnovers and Pacers buckets. By the time Lonzo notched his first (and only) field goal of the night, Indy had erased its deficit, but would head into the locker room at halftime down 59-57 to the visitors.
Things only got worse for the Purple and Gold from there. The Pacers outscored L.A. 35-21 in the third quarter and carried a double-digit lead through most of the fourth. Indy was keyed by the inside-out talents of All-Star Victor Oladipo (20 points, three steals), Myles Turner (21 points, seven rebounds, three assists) and Thaddeus Young (18 points, nine rebounds, four assists, two blocks), along with Lance Stephenson’s 16 points.
Ball, meanwhile, was hardly heard from in the second half. He made one of two free-throw attempts in the third quarter and didn’t register another assist until the fourth.
All told, the 20-year-old looked passive in his matchup with fellow UCLA product Darren Collison (15 points, eight assists). Lonzo finished with four points, eight assists, two rebounds, two assists, two steals and four turnovers in 37 minutes. Along the way, Ball appeared timid on the attack, rarely looking for his shot when he drove in.
Granted, the onus wasn’t on Zo alone. The Lakers made a concerted effort to play through the post, resulting in a combined 44 points, 17 rebounds and six assists. And with the Pacers (41-30) catching fire after the first quarter, there weren’t as many opportunities for L.A. to grab a defensive rebound and go.
Still, the Lakers (31-39) could’ve used a more aggressive Lonzo, especially with Isaiah Thomas (11 points on 4-of-14 shooting, 0-of-5 from three) struggling for the second consecutive game.
The good news, Zo and his teammates might soon see all of their burdens lightened somewhat with Brandon Ingram (groin) on the mend. The second-year swingman wasn’t available in Indianapolis, but could be ready for Thursday’s matchup with the New Orleans Pelicans (40-30) at the Smoothie King Center (5 p.m. PT, Spectrum SportsNet), assuming he’s able to participate in a full practice before then.