Thomas Welsh played all of one game with LiAngelo Ball at UCLA, and it didn’t even count toward the Bruins’ official record in 2017-18. But the 7-foot L.A. native, who also teamed with Lonzo Ball in Westwood, saw enough from Gelo prior to his shoplifting arrest in China and subsequent sojourn to Lithuania to have a means of comparison when the two reunited at the Los Angeles Lakers’ predraft workouts on Tuesday.
Welsh, who teamed with Ball in two-on-two and three-on-three competition at the UCLA Health Training Center, told the media that the LiAngelo he saw was improved from the one who hadn’t yet suited up for Prienu Vytautas back in November.
“Watching him out here today, he was great,” Welsh said. “I think he’s definitely gotten better from the time I spent with him at UCLA.”
The former McDonald’s All-American couldn’t speak to the caliber of competition in the LKL, and caught only “bits and pieces” of Gelo and LaMelo Ball’s games, but noted that “I think he’s getting better and that’s all you can really ask for.”
In Welsh’s eyes, that improvement didn’t show up so much as an expansion of LiAngelo’s game as a sharpening of his existing tools as an outside shooter with low-post skills.
“I think it’s pretty similar,” Welsh said of Gelo’s game. “We did a shooting drill together at the end, too, and he was shooting it extremely well. That’s one thing he could always do well. I think he’s stretched that shot out to NBA range now, so it’s exciting to see.”
The Bruins could’ve used that sort of shooting prowess on their side this past season. Most of the team went cold from three-point range in a stunning 65-58 loss to St. Bonaventure during the play-in round of the 2018 NCAA Tournament.
Between LiAngelo’s departure and the end of UCLA’s campaign, Welsh kept up with his ex-teammate, offering himself as “a friend” and “a resource” in the event that he needed support from outside his family circle.
“I think he had a good group around him and I think he did a good job of handling it,” Welsh said.
Though Welsh didn’t wax poetic about what could’ve been with Gelo under head coach Steve Alford, he did sound pleased to share the floor again with Zo’s little brother.
“He’s a lot of fun to play with,” he said. “He works his tail off. It was really good to be back on the court with him again today.”
With any luck, the two former Bruins might soon get another opportunity to team up. Should the Lakers pick up both players, be it via the draft or as undrafted free agents, Ball and Welsh could get to relive their glory days—all two of them—in Summer League come July.
Related LiAngelo Ball dunks with Lonzo Ball ahead of Lakers predraft workout