LeBron James’ decision to sign with the Los Angeles Lakers has done the most of any free-agent move to shift the balance of power in the NBA this July. But the Golden State Warriors’ acquisition of DeMarcus Cousins, their fifth 2018 All-Star, for the taxpayer mid-level exception arguably sent bigger shockwaves through the basketball world.
As it happens, the Purple and Gold could’ve taken their shot at Boogie. But according to the New York Times’ Marc Stein, L.A. wasn’t ready to wait until December or January to see what Cousins might be capable of when he returns from a torn Achilles.
More on the Lakers and DeMarcus Cousins: League sources say they remain Cousins fans but felt they had to pass on signing him now — even at a reduced rate — because the Lakers don't share the Warriors' luxury of waiting until January or February for Cousins' return from injury — Marc Stein (@TheSteinLine) July 4, 2018
Per Stein, team governor Jeanie Buss and president of basketball operations Magic Johnson agreed that going after Cousins would not have served the Lakers’ desire to “be as competitive as possible next season.”
Magic Johnson and Jeanie Buss — collaborating, I'm told, on all aspects of the Lakers' planning — want the team to be as competitive as possible next season and thus felt the timing didn't allow for signing a player, however talented, who could miss half the season or more https://t.co/5ZU9kOvg4v — Marc Stein (@TheSteinLine) July 4, 2018
From that perspective, the Lakers declining to make an offer to Boogie is understandable. While the Warriors, with their back-to-back championships and wealth of All-Stars, can afford to wait on Cousins, L.A. is trying to see what it has so it can build the best team possible around LeBron and Lonzo Ball.
And if Cousins had no intention of signing a multi-year deal at a reduced rate—and the Lakers weren’t convinced he would be able to help them over the course of a single season—it’s probably best for both parties not to connect just yet.
Keep in mind: the Lakers, as currently constituted, will have plenty of flexibility under the salary cap with which to play around next summer. So if Boogie comes back strong with the Dubs, L.A. can always try to snag him in 2019, when Golden State will only be able to offer him 120 percent of his $5.3 million salary.